i 'm jing tian .  yeah .  you own a grocery store ?  doing good .  how 's your grocery store ?  yeah i mean .  i 'm looking forward to working , actually , collaberating with youi think it 's a good oppurtunity for both of us .  so let 's talk about something that 's really important and so about our operations .  what 's your idea about that ?  for me actually , you know for the alcohol shop , that is a place to go out for dating and things thatthe later is better for me actually .  yeah .  so i think the the later time is better for me .  i 'm not sure whether we can negotiate about this and reach a time and schedule that ?  that would be good for both of us .  let you do something else .  like other things ...  so i think that the grocery store , grocery , people buying things all the time , everyday .  it 's not , its ?  not only at 8:30 in the morningand for those housewives that have nothing to do in the daytime and somebody will go back , go to go to the grocery store during their daytime after they get up , they figure out , they bring their kids , and they do all the housework and then they go out .  and also in , in at night , when people go out and drink wine , out buying  alcohol they can also stop by your grocery store and buy something .  i believe , i don 't think like , everything after 8:30 means all business stop .  i , i , i , i don 't think so .  yeah .  i know .  i understand .  yeah .  yeah .  i think actually that breakfast is your big business time .  and , a , like evening is my big business time .  grocery , yeah exactly .  your not going to do any business at 6:30 in the morning .  right .  but , things are not like any time after , anything other then that time you where have no business , it 's not like that .  so , well i think we can negotiate something inbetween that both of us can ?  although not reach our peak time but still get some work above the level of business .  yeah and we can ?  ok , ok , ok .  floor space ?  actually , i think , uh , 40% is ideal for me .  yeah .  it will give me enough space to put my stock while you have to do the rest of the store for groceries .  what about you ?  40% is ideal ?  but..is ideal .  oh really ?  that 's good .  so then we're set on this .  what 's next on the list .  temperature ?  since i 'm storing alcohol , so the lower temperature is betterit 's for a storage thing .  i 'm not sure about you ?  but , it 's not , so there is no harm to your groceries with the low temperature .  right ?  so that 's only the financial thing .  there is no interest in quality .  so i think we can negotiate a little bit more about this .  this is not a very key issue about this .  i think the quality then the price that 's always the very , most important .  so let 's talk about other things and come back to that .  well , since i 'm ready for business .  so , i just want after a couple i want to start business .  what about you ?  oh my god .  that 's really late .  yeah , you know it 's almost half a year past till september 1rst .  actually , well i think , do you think you really need , is that necessary for you to like to train , to spend that much amount of money to do all this thing .  but your not worried about losing business during this whole halfayear ?  okay ?  okay ?  you have to ?  you won 't do any harm .  if you have lots of other stores is there anyelse .  you can just copy those systems already and use any innovation you want , you want train this new store to have something new ?  if you just want to keep your business , why didn 't you pick to copy the old system .  so ?  what do you think if you , took some of the , part of your employees , to the new place and to train .  well you can have them train in the first very beginning and then you have some old people with the new people , that will be , that will be very helpful .  and that will be ?  yeah .  because i think the later we start , the less business we have ?  so we were thinking , yeah i know your , your , worrying about the quality of your service but you also should consider your business .  half a year , it 's , it 's , it 's , a lot .  renovation costs ?  because this is an alcohol store , so i really don 't care about how much i 'm going to pay , i just want the best looking of the stores .  so the much i pay the more i feel better .  we're going to pay all , so i think 30 , 000 , 30 , 000 dollars is great .  10 , 000 dollars .  do you think that if your store like appears decent outside the present it will be more attractive to customers and they will be more willing to go into it and buy things .  okay ?  so ?  yeah , the thing that i do to want to insist is the temperature because this would have no harm to your product quality and is very important to the product , to the quality of my product .  so i do really want to insist on this item .  if you could give up other things that those , then i will really appreciate .  then i can give up the , my renovation thing .  so i we can start with the easiest one 's first and leave the hard for last .  so i think temperature is maybe the easiest one 's first , we'll solve this problem soon .  so temperature and the renovation ?  okay ?  okaythat 's right .  and ?  well , i think it 's , i can accept this .  25 , 000 is a lot of money .  so could you like , give me the 25 thousand here , and the 65 .  well , septermber 1st is definitely not going to happen .  the latest for me i think is , july , july 1rst .  know what ?  i 'm thinking in the summertime people tend to go out more and to do more outdoor activities .  so they might want to do , they will have more time standing outside of their home like , doing grocieres , buying shopping , going shopping and getting alcohol and whatever .  so i think that if it 's near september , were going to winter , they will be only less likely to go out to have outdoor activities and more likely to spend time at their homes .  so i think that ?  in that case ?  keeping business in the summertime is an important issue .  although you say your training stuff is more important , but i do think that keeping business in the summer , business is better than business in the winter .  great .  that 's done .  but i think that if it 's earlier then 8:30 , then no business will happen for the ?  alcohol ?  so you want to give me the 65 degrees and i  , i think i can give you the 8:30 schedule .  is that okay with you ?  yeah .  the temperature thing .  then the only thing left ?  is ?  the renovation and grand opening ?  well , actually , okay ?  okay , okay .  our operation is from 8:30 to 8:30 and our renovation costs is 30 , 000 , floor space is 40% and ?  and temperature is 65 degrees .  and grand opening date is august 1rst .  okay then were set .  oh yeah ?  that 's only one month and you can have your own staff to train , to train , your new staff .  and most of the time i think , without actually doing with certain people , you can not really grasp more skills .  and theres a different from real training and real actually doing the things .  so , i think that 's its wiser for you to just keep that month for that real train on duty .  they can learn something from that .  it 's not my issue ?  actually , i was worrying about hours of operation .  i know that really it 's not open that late and people tend to use alcohol at late at 9 .  i was kind of wondering about that .  yeah that would be perfect .  yeah , that 's better .  okay .  um ?  well ?  i think that would make money after this .  i don 't think that 's really a big issue .  just one time spent .  well , because my store is a wine storewe really need to have the hours open a little bit laterbecause people are typically bringing in , coming in to get wine a little bit later for their dinners , or for parties .  so , we're hoping to stay , to open a little bit later , and close a little bit laterso that people can , our customers can come in and buy .  what i was hoping was to open around 10:30 and close around 10:30 at night .  i know you're a bread store so you probably have different needs .  yeah , i can see why you want to open early because people will be coming in to get breakfast things , andright .  yeah , i can see how that would be bad .  well since we have to open and shut at the same time , let 's try to see ?  you said what time did you want to open ?  okay , so for me , opening up a little bit earlier wouldn 't hurt my business at all .  although , because i wouldn 't have , i wouldn 't be getting customers .  but closing down early like at 6:30 for my business would be terriblebecause then everyone who is coming to get wine for dinners after work would not be served .  i think , i 'd really like to stay open if not to 10:30 , till 9:30so that people who are on their way to a party can pick up their wine on their way .  9:30 ?  would that be okay ?  okay .  what time would you be willing to close for the hours of operation just to get a sense of ?  if not 6:30 then ?  okay , well let 's think about this one like you said and maybe we can work it out based on some of the other ones as well .  do you want to talk about , just go on to renovation costs ?  why don 't you go ahead and ?  what is your need for your market ?  well unfortunatley for our wine store , we really think we should have an upscale look , and this , the way the place looks is really not the image we're going for .  so i wanted to spend a lot more money on that to try to attract the customers from other wine stores and give them the impression that this is a fancy , nice place to shop for their wine .  so i was hoping to really refurbish mostly the whole store and spend about $30 , 000 on that .  yeah , i think that we can do thatand especially if we negotiate on the day that we open , because what i want for opening is to spend more money and getting it open quickerbut if we , maybe if you want to spend a little bit less money , then we can spend a little bit more time , you know , space out our , or make sure that , hire people that are more willing to work a little bit slowly , and spend a little bit less , and open a little bit later if you want .  so we don 't spend as much money , because i wanted to spend a lot of money and get it going right away .  ideally , i want to open it quicklybut , since you don 't want to spend as much money , we could cut costs that way .  and then , open just a little bit later , but be able to spend , you know ?  because those two are related .  i wanted to open may 1 .  but maybe june 1 ?  we could spend a little bit less money and stretch it over a few more months .  about $25 , 000 i think would , we could save about $5000 from where i wanted and ?  when were you going to open ?  okay .  oh okay .  well if not september then ?  okay , well then if we open in august , maybe , that way i can use my money with the time that we're not , well with the time that we're , by not opening in may but if you're willing to spend $25 , 000 to start getting it , or renovate it , then i guess that would kind of even it out , even out the costs .  so we'll open a little bit early and you can recuperate some of those costs .  yeah , how does that sound , that way , i 'm kind of losing money but you're kind of losing money as well .  okay , so maybe your market will look a little bit fancier and ?  i , let me see , i 'm not sure ?  okay , so you need 60% of the floor space in order to put enough products out ?  okay .  and i needed , my calculation showed that i needed about 40% of the floor space .  yeah , that works out right ?  so that sounds good .  well , since i have wine , some of my wines are supposed to be kept at a lower temperature .  if the temperature goes up higher , then the product can get spoiled .  what i want ideally is for my customers to know that we have a good product and we don 't , that our product won 't spoil , or turn bad because of the temperature .  so what i really want is to try to keep it cool in this store .  i want to have it at , our ideal temperature is about 65 degreesto keep it , to keep our products at the right temperature and from spoiling .  but it sounded like you wanted to try to save on electricity by keeping it warmer ?  to put more value in as much air conditioning ?  oh i see .  well , the thing is i don 't need refridgerators to keep the wine cold .  yeah , i don 't want them as cold as a refridgerator would make them .  like , i don 't want to keep them at 50 degrees or 40 degrees .  but i just want them about , you know , 65 degrees .  so if i intall a refridgerator , it would make all of the wines too cold if i put all of the wine in the refridgerator .  71 ?  well , i guess in terms of the wine , that makes a lot of difference .  between 71 and 65 , that 's 6 degrees , it 's still that , it 's really pushing it for how the product will spoil , and plus , are you going to be selling vegetables and cold things as well in your market ?  okay , okay , so you don 't need to keep any of those things very cold .  oh okay .  so , well , how about ?  how about if it 's , i guess if it 's 65 then that 's the bestbut if it 's a little warmer than that by just a few degrees it won 't matter very much .  especially if the wine is being sold quickly .  if my product sits in there for months at 71 degrees , then it 's not going to work out .  but how about if it 's , if we can agree on it being about 67 degrees ?  don 't you think your customers will get hot in there ?  when they come and visit your store ?  well i have an idea .  if  i agree to having it a little bit warmer like 69 , that would be okay with me as long as i can make sure that the wine gets moving .  like i sell it at the appropriate hours .  that 's a good point .  what i think ?  maybe we should ?  still 7:30 for me is closing a little bit early , i think for people who want to watch and come and buy wine after work for dinner or party .  just so that you know , if you ever try to go buy wine , usually , you're getting it on the way to go to your friend 's house for dinner so i 'm afraid that if i 'm closed at that time , then they won 't remember my store .  they won 't come back you know .  they'll go to the other store down the street .  so i 'm thinking that if we can open at 8:30 in the morning to 8:30 pm , then i guess we could keep it , well , cuz that 's a better time for me in that maybe we can keep it at 71 degrees .  hold on , hold on , hold on .  i think that might , hold on , not work .  because i 'm afraid that ?  well ?  i 'm afraid that it might make it a little too hot in there .  if we opened at , if we kept it at 67 degrees and we opened at 7:30 to 7:30 , i would be willing to kinda make that bargain .  by keeping it colder , my product will be fresher , and maybe they would , people would say , well , that would make people want to come back .  well , both of those options don 't work very well for mebecause they make me lose out on both of the things that are important to my business .  so what i propose is to make some in the middle for both of us , where neither , i mean where you're losing out some and i 'm losing out some but we're both gaining in certain things .  so my ideal would be , i guess , if we opened at 8:30 and closed at 8:30 and keep it at 69 degrees .  does that work for you ?  and then , you know , if it turns out we can always come back and talk about our hours later because we can try it out when we start in august and see if it works out .  if it doesn 't , we can always come back and talk about it .  yeah , and we could in the future get to an agreement with sharing our employees somehow so that if you really need to open early , and then some of the employees can come in at that time and watch , you know one person watch my store where rest of the employees are all in the market .  because unfortunately our hours of operation are completely off .  but we have to open at the same time , so .  because nobody 's going to be buying wine at 8:30 , or 7:30 , or 6:30 .  so maybe later we can see how that goes and work out an earlier and a later time .  yeah , because i think it would be best for both of us if we opened really early and stayed opened really late , because you know , even with the market , people want to come and get chips , or lots of ingredients late at night .  grocery , i understand that , so i guess that 's it .  guess that 's it .  okay , well , we'll be working together again .  thank you .  hey .  yeah sure .  yeah , that 's what i have .  of course .  how important is floor space to you ?  is floor space less important to you ?  yeah , floor space is negotiable .  so for the temperature how would you feel about say 69 degrees ?  you could do better ?  ok i'll think about that one .  hours of operation is important to me tobut you know , if you've got an opening date you were more comfortable with i could get hours that maybe i was more comfortable with depending ?  the what ?  um , i 'm sorry one more time ?  um i don 't think so .  i think we are suppose to keep that ?  yeah , right .  ok well i would do well with hours of operation from 10:30 am to 10:30 .  that wouldn 't be the best for you ?  that would work well for you ?  ok so like september 1st opening date ?  ok , that works for me .  so you said renovation costs were less important to you but temperature was more important ?  right , so you don 't want to spend much on renovation costs but you would want um a lower temperature for the fruit or a higher temperature for the fruit ?  for the fruit , ok .  um i 'm somewhat negotiable on the temperature .  the renovation costs would be more important to meso i could be willing to go for a lower temperature if we spent a little bit more on renovation costs .  well what if we did a higher temperature like 73 degrees but we also did a higher renovation cost like 30 , 000 dollars .  that would be a good trade off for you ?  well that works for me too .  ok , um i guess we could do ?  so you would want like 60 percent ?  i can do that .  40 percent for me , ok that works for mewe agreed on that .  ok , so its 10:30 am opening hours , $30 , 000 renovation costs , 40 percent floor for me 60 percent for you , 73 degrees , september 1st .  that 's great .  well see i got my first second and fourth choice i got the most value on .  ok we're done .  we're just trading secrets now .  my english is not that clear , so i try to make myself clear ok ?  oh i think i will try to practice my english so ?  so when is your hope to hour of operation ?  really ?  well as you know we are liquor shopso the later is better for usso can we find balance ?  i prefer 10:30 to 10:30 pm .  yes i think so , look at most under students .  but only umm ?  you are grocery store right and ?  a deli and so for breakfast .  is it possible that um you only open the deli in the morning and other place we can open together ?  i normally shop grocery in that morning ?  most people who come out for breakfast they will go to for work right and it 's impossible for them to shop grocery because they don 't have time to bring them home .  yeah .  i wish it to be 30 , 000 dollars .  yes and i want to have a shop with high quality and uhh yeah that 's it .  i think from 30 percent to 40 percentbecause i need some place to display my wine and you know , you can put wine like this .  you have to put correct so ?  at least thirty percent .  you totally sure 60 percent and ?  ok yeah sure that 's great .  umm i think our best situation is 45 degreeoh no 65 .  for our wines it 's too hot in my shop .  73 ok ?  do you think that is a little bit too hot ?  so how about 69 ?  i think the earlier the better , so i wish it to be may 1st .  yes i have a wine collection of wine .  i already have them so i wish to open as early as possible .  really why ?  i have a question .  when is the time we talk about , when is now ?  if we can open this business it means that we already paid the rent and we already know the placeand if you open so late there will be a lot of cost and only thing you sell is your staff that charge of training your staffit 's too expensive!it 's umm two three or four months you pay the utility , the rent and you have already spent a lot of money in it and you just ?  how do you say ?  you just let the price stay there and do you think it 's ok for you ?  ummm ok , you wish it to be august 1st and i wish it to be may 1st .  i know but um could it be possible that i make a compromise to july 1st and we raise a little the renovation costbecause i have the lost for the rent for two months , it is huge money right ?  noi mean i can make a compromise to ?  a little bit and maybe you can make conversation in renovation costs .  do you understand what i mean ?  yes and i will make a compromise to make the date later .  you mean you will pay for 30 , 000 ?  20 , 000.00july 1st and you pay 20 , 000 ok ?  ummm no , if it is august 1st then it goes to 30 , 000because i already have my staff .  i already have my product and i just put all in there and work for you .  and those people who come there they will also buy some snacks in your shop right ?  well this is near the campus i think most people will have party in the night .  no .  i think my bottom line is 9:30 to 9:30pm .  i know ?  why if there is no option for a more flexible one then we cannot choose , why ?  no , for me that is too far .  my boss would kill me .  well september and cost of 25 , 000 ?  how about 8:30 to 8:30 and i will and ?  25 , 000 and that 's open in july 1st .  can you just sell a part of your product ?  and i can help training your staff because my company is really good with it .  but already two months later than i wish .  i think that is a little ?  i think it 's not enough .  i know , but you know the rent per month is higher than 5000 i think .  yeah but i have to pay two to three month rent for you , for long time , three months is quite long for business right ?  you can 't be ready by july .  9:30 to 9:30 ?  and you pay all the renovation cost ?  but for me it is a little lose for my business in the night right ?  so we both make compromise right .  no , i want to compromise to 9:30 to 9:30 .  ok , let 's make it 9:30 to 9:30 and you pay for 30 , 000 and i we can work for you till august 1st .  is that ok ?  ok so let 's check the first one .  9:30 to 9:30 and you pay for 25 , 000 and let 's open on august 1st .  since this is make a cash and make a deal .  ok .  ummm ?  720 .   ?  . .  ok let 's get started .  yeah looking forward to this space i think it is a good idea and i am glad you guys approached us about it .  so i know there 's some issues that we just need to work out before we actually move in .  that we don 't need to work out ?  ok so what issue would you like to start with ?  would you wanna ?  let 's start by talking about the space some itself .  so first of all , the space itself .  we have a big space we each get part of it .  what percentage of that space would you like ?  70 percent ?  and i agree that you should have a larger space because groceries do take up more room than liquorso how about you get 60 percent of the space ?  i do actually .  uh huh .  when we are talking about specialty wines from all around the world , it is going to take up a lot of room but it is also going to be beneficial to your customersbecause they can come in , pick out a particular food and then ask the wine expert , well what goes nicely with this food and we will have everything right there on display .  or if they are looking at a particular wine , your people can recommend many choices that go with that wineso to have everything right there instead of having it in storage at an off location , we can instantly provide the customers with both sides of what they are looking for .  right , and you are getting almost as much space as you are asking for .  well it depends , what hours are you interested in .  breakfast , they never mentioned anything to me about breakfast in this .  ok well what is an hour earlier , what time ?  absolutely not , i  don 't come in that early .  besides i can 't sell alcohol at that time of the day , it is illegal in most places .  it 's illegal in most places to sell alcohol before certain hours , after certain hours , or on sundays .  in dupont circle a lot of people stay out late .  you get a lot more night owls in dupont circle then you have early morning people .  you ever hung out in dupont ?  and i see that you are going to be serving some breakfast .  now i would prefer to open at 10:30 .  and i realize you are going to miss your breakfast hour there .  i eat breakfast at 10:30 .  everybody i work with eats breakfast at 10:30but what i am saying is that i am willing to compromise some on those hoursand we could open at say 9:30 instead .  so breakfast makes it what percentage of you profit ?  well , give me a percentage .  40 percent of your profits ?  then why are they putting it together at all ?  if i am selling alcohol and you are selling breakfast then this isn 't going to work out for benducci either .  i am actually more interested in ?  well ok if you were to open at 8:30 what time would we close ?  have you ever tried to buy a bottle of wine at 9 o ?  clock at night and find that you can 't because the store is closed ?  it 's very frustrating actually , i've actually done that .   i've gone to a liquor store at 9 o ?  clock at night .  it 's the evening and i want to buy a bottle of wine and i can 't because it 's closed .  it drives a lot of business away so i think we need to find a common ground here between you still getting your breakfast and me still getting my evening customers .  if we are allowed to do that i think that is a great deal .  i think the woman in the next room here would tell us that we can 't do that .  but we can think about that and move on to other issues and we will come back to that one , cause actually the hours ?  yeah so we'll come back to that one .  now once again talking about the space itself .  have you seen the space ?  the physical space that we're gonna be moving into ?  no i am not talking about that now .  what i am talking about is the physical space that we will be moving into .  have you actually seen it ?  you say you know what it looks like .  the place where we are going to be occupying .  because it is going to need a little bit of work i think .  in order to make it presentable for customers .  no , renovation costs .  i think that we are going to need to spend some money or at least i am willing to spend some money on renovations .  so this would just be money out of my pockets .  i would like to spend 30 , 000 dollars on the renovations .  yeah just out of my pockets .  whatever you 'd like .  of your money ?  that 's fine as long as there is 30 , 000 of mine .  but then initially there would be a bigger return for me on the percentage of profits if i am going to be spending more money on the renovations up front .  i didn 't know we were on that .  i was still talking about renovation money .  so we still haven 't completed our hours of operation but we will go back to that because there 's a couple of other issues to put on the table so ?  what kinds of products are you selling ?  i know you said you are going to be selling coffee but that gets kept on a warm plate so that is already at a good temperature and cookies that doesn 't really matter those come out of the oven and cool quickly anyway .  what other kind of products are you going to be selling ?  that wasn 't my question but that 's ok .  i was asking what kind of product you'll be selling like what sort of items .  that 's not my question .  right but i want some more information from you about your product before we talk about the temperature .  so for example if you are selling produce like fruits and vegetables and things then lower temperature is going to be better for you because it is going to preserve your produce .  but coffee is going to be on a warm plate .  it is always on a warm plate so temperature is irrelevant for coffee because it has its own container and for cookies they cool when they come out of the oven anywayand actually warmer is going to raise our heating costs in the winter so that is going to be more expensiveand in the summer less people come in the store because it is going to be no cooler than outsideyes it is because alcohol doesn 't taste good that warm .  alcohol needs to be kept cooler .  it will; however , if you've got customers walking by on the street and it 's warm out in the summer they come in , it 's cool inside they stay longer they buy more .  i do .  if it 's a warm store i 'd leave if it 's already warm outside; if it 's a cool store i can stay for a while and get cold and get comfortable , i 'd stay longer .  well in winter , it 's going to keep our heating costs down to not be so warmand in winter you are wearing a winter coat anyway so you go into the store if it is too warm in the store in the winter you start to sweat you take your jacket off , you have to find somewhere to put it .  so actually , also i am from minnesota i just don 't like warm .  this is my own personal preference as well , i prefer cool , in warm , i don 't function .  well right but the coffee is going to be in the container until somebody buys the cup of coffee .  that is how coffee is always sold .  well wine generally is not kept in a refrigerator .  red wine should never be referigerated , it is served at room temperature .  it just needs to be served at a lower room temperaturei will have a refrigerator for some of the bottles of alcohol for example some white wines get chilled .  so there will be a refrigerator for white wines .  but most of the time wine is sold off of a rack in the store and if it is kept too warm then it doesn 't taste good anymore and it starts to degrade the wine .  also if you are selling other things , which i am assuming you are selling more than coffee and cookies because coffee and cookies doesn 't fit with wine ?  .then ?  and my wine is still going to melt .  i want it at 65 .  put on a jacket .  you can always put on more clothes there is only so much you can take off to be legal .  i am fine with 65 degrees , that is where i keep my house at .  well i don 't want you to be cold all the time , how about 67 ?  ok i'll take 71 .  well we need to go back to the hours but first let 's take a look at the opening date then we'll go back to the hours .  so i would like to open as soon as possible , preferably may .  what works for you ?  but you have to train employees but i thought right now you are in a larger space and you are moving to a smaller space .  in that case you are going to have to cut employees , not train more .  the earlier we open the more profits we get from business .  i'll be ready by then .  yeah , some of our product is sitting is storage .  i will be ready by may .  yeah we've got a year .  may 2006 a year is plenty to get the stuff ready .  no october , i pull out and go find another business deal and you've got to find a new wine partner .  tell you what .  i would be happy to open in september , if you give me the starting time of 9:30 .  no .  8:30 and we open in mayor 9:30 and we open in september .  so i am willing to open at 8:30 and lose a couple of hours of business in the evening .  i thought we already agreed to that .  i thought we did .  ok .  no .  may and 8:30 or september and 9:30 or make me an offer i can deal with .  i am fine with that i don 't think it 's in the rules that we can do that .  according to the rules that they gave us the shop can only be open 12 hours .  otherwise i am fine with that .  i believe we only get 5 categories to operate with and they are all 12 hour increments .  yes .  our options are 10:30 to 10:30 , 9:30 to 9:30 , 8:30 to 8:30 and so on .  so like i said , 9:30 is fine with me and then ?  9:30 ?  august and 9:30 .  i agree but in this case , i forgot some of my negotiating parameters .  and i was honest until i looked at my negotiating parameters .  i hadn 't checked some of my facts properly when i made that offer and so ?  well hold on .  9:30 and september and we drop the temperature in the building 2 degrees .  i am being logical .  i am a scientist but again so are you .  you're right i did and i pulled my offer .  i took my offer back , this happens all the time in business , at least in this country .  until the offer is in writing , it is just negotiating back and forth .  car salesman do it all the time granted i shouldn 't use that as a good example but ?  so 9:30 in september is fine with me as long as we drop the room temperature to 69 degrees .  i am being honest right now , that 's my offer .  ok well in that case we are at an impasse and i am not sure what we do in this case .  we're at an impasse and we've decided that we wouldn 't work very well together because she 's selling morning products and i 'm selling evening products .  so i think we would both like different business partners .  yeah .  can we start from the last one first ?  i don 't know which one oh i see , ok .  like can we start from the grand opening date ?  which do you prefer ?  for me , i think the early the better for usbecause like , everything is ready for us and we want to start early and make money .  but maybe it 's not a big issue so we can talk about this can you just hurry up a little bit and so oh yeah , okay .  okay .  you mean $30 , 000 is also the best for you ?  i think because the renovation cost is very important for uswe want to decorate the shop a little bit better , and so that we can attract more customers , so that 's very important for usso that 's very important for us , so can you think about that ?  at least $25 , 000 ?  $25 , 000.00 actually the best for us is $30 , 000 .  $20 , 000 how about 25 ?  i prefer that .  25 because i also think good decoration is good for you .  so think about that .  you know ?  but sometimes looking is very important if some new customer , they don 't know how your customer service and maybe from the looking , they will just come in and take a look , and you know ?  so i think that 's very importantand it 's just one time investment .  okay , 25 , actually for me , the best is 30 .  if you really don 't want to pay more , you know , 25 maybe okay , but just okay .  that 's excellent for me .  i just need for presenting .  yeah .  hours of operation .  i can understand your..for the breakfast you have to open early , but think about our situation .  we will sell the wine in liquor..you know..i don 't think people will buy the liquor or wine in the morning you know ?  i think most people will buy it after 6:30 , after they finish their work and they want to have wine or liquor in the home and just so it 's not a reasonable time for me .  i think most people just , maybe they come out and buy something like , beer , wine , maybe after the dinner and think about that .  like , always , people finish their work at 5 o'clock and maybe they need half and hour to drive home , so okay , then yeah .  i guess for your convenience it 's the best partso okay we can just do how about like 8:30 ?  8:30 am to 8:30pm ?  ,  , you think it 's not reasonable for you ?  how about the temperature ?  73 ?  !you know for the wine , the best degree is 65 degrees .  69 degrees ?  yeah , maybe .  so , 69 , yeah , but i have to think about the quality if i increase the temperature .  the quality of the wine will decrease and i will lose a lot of the customers .  okay i think like , fruit and breakfast , you 'd still like  maybe 67 degrees is fine ?  for you know , you still need some low temperature to keep these foods fresh , some you know , raw materials .  just for the people you know , think about the food .  i 'm sorry ?  67 ?  okay maybe , yeah!but in this case , how about 65 so you can just open 7:30am to 7:30pm .  okay .  so how about i can open july 1stor june 1st ?  or june 1st ?  i guess yeah so then this case because i need to you know , make june 1st .  june 1st and 67 degree and 7:30am ,  , you know for the open time , it 's nonperiod you know ?  we still need to think about the renovation costs right ?  and for the $30 , 000 how about ?  renovation cost ?  because another $5000 it 's not a big deal .  okay .  so i can begin july 1st , and $30 , 000 for the renovation costs , we don 't have difference about the floor space , and 67 degrees .  okay .  okay!how are you ?  i guess we need to decide on these five things .  what do you want to start with ?  that 's fine , that 's fine!i would like 10:30 option , would be best for me .  what do you think about 8:30 ?  other times people don 't buy alcohol until later in the evening .  let 's see , maybe 8:30 is kind of in betweenbut that 's still so early for me .  let 's come back to this one .  let 's go to renovation costs .  this is something that is very important to mebecause people are going to come in and buy wine , and we want the place look niceso i would like to spend a lot of money on thisand i might be able to negotiate more on the hours of operation or something else if i can get , i can spend a lot of money on this if i can spend $30 , 000 .  yeah but people don 't buy groceries at a store that doesn 't look good .  if a store looks good then they're going to be more likely to come in and buy things .  if it 's kind of dingy , everybody 's going to think the food is sketchy .  i just don 't like the way it looks , i don 't like the layout , and this is just something that i really feel strongly about , and i just think that it'll pay off for us .  it 's going to bring in more business , it 's going to look nicer and people with more money will come in andif it is the only store in the neighbohood then people will be willing to pay a little more for convenience i think .  i guess i just don 't really like the interior or the exterior .  they both need some work .  i just think in the end , it 's really going to boost , draw in more people and make more money .  with a good look .  how about 25 ?  this is something i really care about a lot .  the look of the store , i 'm very particular about this and i just think i have experience and i think that people want to tend to want to buy and come to places more when they look nice , especially grocery stores .  okay , would you be willing to pay $25 , 000 ?  yes , that 's something i really care about a lot .  it 's most important to me .  what 's most important to you ?  okay , so what kind of date are you thinking about , july ?  oh wow , that 's realy late you know ?  i guess right now it 's probably april , i 'm thinking .  since it 's so early in the year , if we need to hire people from another country and bring them over here to train them , let 's see like a month to find people to hire , a month to get them settled , a month to train .  so how about july 1st ?  would that give you enough time ?  that makes sense , i didn 't realize that you didn 't have people here who spoke spanish .  how about august then ?  how about this ?  since i 'm going to be losing profit for that entire time when i could be open , how about we open september 1st , but when we open there we open there later , maybe like in 8:30 in the morning .  that way , we'll still be open when people want to come in at night and buy things after workbecause i 'm going to be losing a lot of money during that time and i need to make up the hours or the time somehow if i 'm going to make it in the first week , the first few months .  after , i really think august is just unless i have some way to make up the money by having better hours , i just don 't know , i just don 't know if i 'm going to be able to stay afloat until september .  i'll be happy to wait until september if we could just open at least in the beginning have hours of operation that went a bit later like till , 8:30 .  i mean , ideally i would like something that would stay open late like 10:30but something like 8:30 i could live with if you want to wait until september .  okay how about this ?  \if we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , then i 'd be happy to open in septemberif we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , because we're going to have more time to fix it up so we might as well , you know , use that time to make the place really nice .  if we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , this would be a way that would allow me to draw in more of my customers and make up some of the money i 'd be losing by delaying the grand opening .  oh yeah , you'll definitely have enough time , september 1stbut like i said , i 'd be happy to open september 1st if you can spend a little bit more on renovations .  i think you would .  okay .  and then still the renovation is at 25 , 000 right before we decided , right ?  okay .  how about the temperature , how do you feel about that ?  nobody cares about that ?  for me , it 's best if it 's cold because i have wine that  products that will go bad if it 's too warm .  so for me , 65 degrees would be really good to keep everything from going bad .  that may be true but a lot of my products are going to spoil at that temperature .  i mean , maybe i can go to like 69 degrees but that would be i think the very warmest before my things started to go bad .  my wine and some of my liquor .  that would work but i need more money to renovate .  i probably need 5000 more to put in a referidgerator and referidgerator system .  okay , if we spend $30 , 000 on renovations , i would go for 73 degrees .  yeah , i don 't think we ever decided on hours of operation eitherbut floor space , i really don 't need as much as you will need so something like 40% would be okay with me , i can give you more than 50% , because i understand your things you may have more products than i do .  i will be happy to give you 60% of the space .  okay , now just hours of operation .  i don 't know , i think this is going to be the hard one , i think .  if we can go to 71 degrees , then i would open at 7:30 .  right , right .  you won 't settle for 8:30 to open ?  okay , 7:30 it is!okay so what did we decide ?  we decided on 7:30 so when ?  september ?  okay , okay .  so i think the most important thing for me i think is the renovation costbecause you know , to sell wine , you should look very very .maybe a romantic environment .  so i mean , i pay much more attention on that so i mean , i prefer the cost is $30 , 000 .  you mean hours ?  to me , as later as you can , you know , because a lot of people , they suddenly buy something , want to get wine , so i need to , i mean as late as you can , so i prefer 10:30am to 10:30pm .  do you also serve dinner or ?  i think the earliest i can is 8:30 .  i cannot go any earlier than that .  okay , so. .  for the renovation , i can 't .  i need that money , so since $30 , 000 is okay ?  but i think a good environment also benefits for you , right ?  actually , i like it as , i mean , lower as it canbecause the wine , especially for the beers and something , as cooler as it can .  but how about some do you offer some food , you  also need cooler , right ?  yeah , but do you have some space for the customer to have some , do you have at your place ?  so i think cold place is better for them , right ?  for me , i think my house is around 65 , especially in the summer , because far as you know , i mean , your people like cooler things right ?  when you eat something you always add ice to your drinking .  so i think i mean , lower is better for you .  i don 't think that customer will ask me how good is your cooler compared to temperature , i don 't think that .  i can 't do it .  no , actually .  i think if you just want to 71 , it 's too high for me , and renovation is too low for me .  i think from the long run , i mean , a little more renovation cost will benefit both of us .  i believe that , because from my own expeirence when i enter a grocery store , if the environment is really bad , i you know , i just walk out , i don 't want anything there , right ?  and even if you also offer food for breakfast , it also needs better right ?  i think for both of us to spend more on renovation cost and it would be great , i think if you want , 71 , i'll have 69 , yeah .  the opening date you know , i've already a lot of wine , so i mean , the latest date i can is august 1st .   i cannot wait for september .  grocery , okay , let me think , okay .  because if i start on august 1st , that 's less that i can sell also , like starting right then .  but i think you need time to let people know your grocery right ?  so i don 't think the first month you'llsell a lot of thigs right ?  people should get familiar with your grocery store right ?  if you offer good food , food products , they will come .  no , i can 't do it , actually .  actually , i insist on renovation at least 25 , 000 .  i cannot lower it .  no , no .  if the renovation cost is 25 , 000 , i insist , i mean the temperatuere is 67 .  i can 't do it .  actually , these two are tradeoff right ?  if i can spend a little more on renovation cost , i can , i mean , i can do higher degree but i can 't do more than those .  yeah .  i can 't .  and also if i do august 1st , i need better renovation costs , i mean higher renovation costs , because i mean , i want to open in may 1st .  how about $30 , 000 , 67 69 degrees and august 1st ?  can this help ?  probably 40% .  i think for me .  uhhuh , is that okay ?  let me think .  i want 30 , 000 , i mean better for me is 30 , 000 .  but you know , 30 , 000 i cannot lower it .  the degree i can choose is 67or 69 , either of these two , and date is july 1st .  i can 't..it can 't be earlier..i cannot wait .  yeah but , how about my wine you know ?  and although i need some time to do the renovation but actually , may 1st is enough time .  and i think you can , i mean , why do you need spend so much time ?  i mean you can do it parallel right ?  so you have nothing ?  oh okay .  but i think , i mean it 's also good for you to open early , you can , i mean , have some activity to attract people come here , to look at your store , and to know your store , and you can also do some , i mean , advertisement of something to let them know .  if you agree with renovation cost of 30 , 000 and 67 degrees , i will give you august 1st .  okay , sure .  so , it 's 30 , 000 renovation cost , 67 degree , and august 1st .  sure .  let me think .  yeah , yeah .  i wrote that .  yeah , hi .  yeah , nice to meet you .  hi , i 'm inzoo .  yeah , nice to meet you .  are you an american ?  i 'm korean .  i've been here less than one year .  we have a time limit hereand i think my personal opinion is we want to make money in the same place so i think we don 't need to fight each other .  yes , that 's right .  you're in charge of the grocery ?  do you have any preference about which issue you want to talk about ?  it 's okay , yeah .  so do you have any preference ?  actually , i want to open from 10:30 to 10:30 .  so what is your best time ?  the earlier the better ?  what is your best time ?  in my opinion , this is just a personal opinion .  the freshness of the baker is the most important thing in the grocery store , and i think..i 'm not sure when i usually bring the grocery .  how early is that ?  yeah , i 'm accepting , yeah , so do you is it easy to open ?  sorry , i didn 't understand , bulk ?  i think in the evening .  it 's a alcohol business so usually there are people in the evening .  yeah , a little bit too early to close the store .  do you mind if we talk about this a little later ?  actually , the most important thing for me is decoration .  personally i think if we are in the location , position , if we decorate the..if we draw the customer 's attention by decoration , i think that would be better .  i want to spend as much as we $40 , 000 ?  40 , 40 , just 40 .  yeah , i think that , i mean that this will pay off in the long run so yeah can i ask you a question ?  what is the most important issue in this negotiation ?  what do you think is the most important ?  in my case , the most important thing is decorations .  if i have good , if i get good offer , maybe i can step back on one of your issues .  so what is the most important ?  what is your best time ?  6:30 ?  !as you know , in the alcohol business , the closing at 6:30 in the evening is too early .  if i accept the 6:30 , is your time , your business hours , can you accept the offer of the decoration ?  yes , you're right .  $25 , 000 and 6am ?  it is a little bit more reasonable , but so you'll accept the $25 , 000 ?  i can 't say right now if this is acceptable or not .  but still , i think $25 , 000 is reasonable .  can i talk about hours of operation later ?  this is a little bit .  which do you think you would like to discuss next ?  what about the freshness ?  usually , keeping the what do you sell ?  i have to i think..because i need to keep the wine in the cold , i think i need to use the referidgerator .  if then , the electricity cost is 69 is acceptable but can i treat this problem with another problem ?  floor space , how much space do you need ?  oh really .  so how much percent ?  60% ?  so that means you want to use 60% of. .  yeah , that 's perfect for me .  so you're going to use 60% of that space and 40% of the space .  you need time for practice ?  the earlier the better but july is acceptable .  is it easy for okay to you ?  if i accept the september or august , would you be flexible on opening time ?  the temperature ?  !69 ?  67 ?  if you accept 67 , i 'm going to..i'll oh really .  oh okay .  what is your ?  you said 6:30 ?  so when is your date you want to start ?  july ?  i can well probably fix the hours ?  i don 't care about the opening date. .  if you are more flexible about hours , i don 't care about opening date at all .  it is acceptable if we open 7:30or 8:30 .  okay .  gorcery , okay , 7:30 starting , september 1st , gorcery , temperature is which temperature did you ?  67i 'm not satisfied but yeah anyway , we can work with i 'm lindy .  fuching ?  sure , i guess do you want to go through each of the five issues one at a time , and if we can 't come to an easy agreement on one , we can come back to it .  yeah , that would be great .  for us , the later the hours , the betterbecause more people tend to purchase their wine later in the day as opposed to you know , when they're headed to a party or going out to dinner , and also i feel like you know , both of our products are kind of luxury items , not necessarily , necessities and so many people work 9 to 5 jobs so i feel like we'll get better sales if we're open late at night .  so i really prefer to have later hours .  right , yeah .  i 'm just thinking how we can if we could there 's so many different context of .like i don 't know if we have the same cash registers ?  i guess we would have separate cash registers .  because most of our sales i feel would come after 5 at night , so .  and at that point , i feel that a lot of your products could be purchased in addition to our wine products when people are going out on the town or out to a party , or even having their own dinner parties or going home from work when they're relaxed and thinking about it .  what hours are you thinking ?  we would really prefer 10:30am to 10:30pmbecause if we close at 7:30 , we really feel like we only have two and a half hours of sale time .  what about 9:30 ?  we can come back .  we can go to renovation costs .  um , or we can go to ...  i guess renovation costs is good .  i guess my feeling is that i feel that the better our store looks inside and out , the more likely the chances of the more customers will draw in .  we both have specialty , highlevel items that we sell so we really need to project an image of cleanliness .  especially more so cleanliness for food and wine products if people are going to be eating , to show that we follow standards .  dupont circle , especially where everybody is so trendy and coming and going and i think we're going to be able to prosper in this area and our return on our investment will be high .  we can put in the renovation initially .  it 's easier to renovate and make all the changes right away before we actually opened up than to try to continue to renovate once we're open .  well , i feel like there 's not going to be this is going to be the beall if we make it or notbecause if once we're open and we get a clientbase , trying to close down again to further renovate or update the building will make our businesses suffer .  i just feel that the more you put in , the more you put out .  this is one of the areas where i do kind of feel strongly abouti really feel that 30 , 000 be appropriate , especially because i mean , dupont circle 's an area where there 's so many other specialty stores that we're going to have quite a bit of competition and if we go in with looking the way it currently is , i don 't think we'll be able to attract the clientele that frequents the area .  they're just not going to take us seriously .  but we're both specialty items , we're not just a grocery store .  because we're going to be doing a new venture with wine and bread together with you know , and you know , you're an upper crust , you're not lower crust you know , value market .  we're both fine retailers .  i think we really need to project that image or we're not going to be able to compete .  it 's very difficult for me too .  i think the renovation is something where a little loan could be taken outand i think in return , investment , i  know from our end and our experience that the return in investment is sure to be high the more we put in initially , because this initial image is..it 's going to cost us more to revamp an image if it 's not you know high quality than it is to start over .  i understand , i mean , you know , we're going to have to take out a loan .  our budget is limited but i just feel that i mean we're both , you know , the best in our industries , so i think we're not taking that large of a gamble if we do the costly renovation in the beginning , and once we put that money down , you know , it'll be better to have that as initial high quality and then we'll have less , like , you know , unexpected expenses come when things go wrong that we didn 't expect to start with .  i don 't think that there 's anyway that we can we have to shut our stores down to do renovations and we're going to have to lose money .  so i think this is a onetime shot , a onetime chance to make our image known .  and i feel like i have room to maneuver in other areas but this is one of the areas that 's really important for us .  well let 's talk about the other issues first , and we'll have more wiggle room with the other issues , so we can come to agreement on something else first .  at least we understand each other 's stance on those two .  what about , do you want to go to grand opening date ?  i guess for us , we have a lot of products that are ready and most of it is in storage currently , so we're ready to go in selling the products .  so the sooner we have the grand opening , the better it would be for us .  how much time do you need ?  we were really hoping may .  i think that we're already paying we've already contracted , we're going to do this so our rent is already started .  so , i know that money is tight for you as well in terms of renovation costs and everything .  if we could put more into renovation , then i'll be willing to push back the date of open , because then we need renovation time and in essence we 'd be putting in business as opposed to just paying rent .  but i feel like the further , the longer we wait to open , we're paying for something that will not have many chance to make money off of .  no .  i think that your feelings are wanting to have the quality ready in terms of starting the renovation .  i mean i 'm sorry , in terms of starting the opening , is where i stand for renovation .  like you feel you'll have a better chance of making more money if we open later , well i feel like i have a better chance of making more money if we renovate , you know , at a higher cost .  is there anyway we can negotiate these two together ?  because i can definitely give on the grand opening date , i can definitely go back on that but i really need to have the renovation .  $30 , 000 i think would give us the best return for our investment for both of us .  if i can get $30 , 000 , i could go until july or august .  for 30 , 000 ?  that 's awesome!let 's do temperature before floor space since we have 10 minutes .  i 'm sure you have opposite opinions on these .  in terms of floor space , i know that you probably need a lot of room for your you have to bake and create whereas we really just have we can pretty much consolidate our products , so we will definitely be willing to give you more of the space than we would take .  you want 60% ?  that 's perfect!we'll take 40 .  how about temperature ?  let 's try that .  for us , i 'm not that familiar with your needs for producers , but with our wines , we're open to do wine samplings , you know , to attract sales and we have a lot of specialty wines where we kind of need it more you know , in the 60s as opposed , 60 degree temperatures are perfect for serving and selling our wine .  what temperatures are you looking at ?  we're looking at the 60s .  60 degree range .  mmm we really prefer 65 degrees .  that would be optimal for us , but what is..we could probably negotiate on that .  what 's the lowest that you could possibly go ?  is there anyway you can go to 67 ?  perfect .  one last thing in a few minutes .  okay , the hours , we're debating between 9:30 am to 9:30pm/or 8:30am to 8:30 pm at this point , correct ?  it 's so funny , it 's just an hour difference .  i mean , of course , let 's see .  i guess how can we figure this out to be fair ?  because you need breakfast hours but i need evening hours .  so , either way , one of us is going to lose a little bit of each .  so , let 's just cut it .10:30 to 10:30 was my first choice .  what was your first choice ?  what was the best time you were looking for ?  so why don 't we just cut it even and do the 8:30 to 8:30 ?  alright , we're done!right .  yeah , but which one are you most concerned about ?  is it ?  when do you want it to be ?  okay .  what is your second issue of concern ?  okay , and you wanted it to be ?  oh gosh , they set us up .  i wanted it to be 10:30 am to 10:30 pm .  okay , and your third issue ?  okay , and you wanted 73 degrees ?  figures , okay .  mine is best at 65 .  may 1st .  alright , and then your first issue would be ?  yeah .  how much would you wanted it to be ?  for you ?  and 40 for me ?  and the fifth is the renovation costs .  okay .  um , if you want 60 , i will take 40 .  my first concern is renovation costs .  second is the hours of operation , at 10:30 .  let 's see , the temperature .  no , right .  opening date is an issue for youand renovation cost is greatest issue for me .  alright .  so if we open september 1st , we can do 30 , 000 renovation costs .  and then we open when ?  okay , let 's see .  the third , your third issue is temperature , and that 's a tough one .  and fourth , you want 40/60 right ?  40 for me , 60 for you .  okay , so let 's cross this out .  yeah .  alright , okay , so we open on september 1st and we do 30 , 000 .  alright .  we'll be done in like 10 minutes .  now we have hours of operation and temperature .  which is more important to you ?  oh man!yeah , because we're in dupontand it 's 6:30 , there 's not many people to want .  oh you do ?  alright , but we sell liquor too and people will not buy any liquor .  yeah ?  the breakfast here .  okay , and the temperature you want ?  why do you want it at 73 degrees ?  that 's like my wine will boil you know ?  both in the middle ?  why don 't we do okay .  alright .  but think about how much money you making off your breakfast , like 2 dollars , and off of wine you make 10 dollars , at least .  but then , the temperature how about we open instead of .do you prefer to open at 8:30 and put it at 69 degreesor do you prefer open at 9:30 and put it at 71 degrees ?  alright , i will prefer to have 9:30 and 71 degrees .  but how about hold on .  right , but at 10:30 , everybody is sober man .  people are just getting out to dupont .  hold on , let 's see , you want 73 degrees right ?  do you sell coffee with breakfast ?  we always have the option to open at open at 8:30 and keep it at 69 degrees .  but wouldn 't another combination be better ?  that 's worse ?  go ahead .  no .  how about we open at 10:30 and keep it at 65 ?  i guess , let 's see .  i guess we can do 8:30 and 69 degrees , because any other combination .because it 's in the middle .  any other combination would be worse for someone .  right .  for both of us , the hours of operation is more important .  i mean we can talk forever , but i mean it should be 8:30 and 69 degrees , yeah .  i know right , that 's how i feel .  alright ?  okay .  so alright .  so we kept the 8:30am , then renovation cost at 30 , 000 ?  because it 's very important to mebecause people don 't go buy wine out of a bad store .  you hit all these knobs and yeah , but my wine costs like thousands of dollars .  it 's just more points , that 's all .  so 30 , 000 , and then floor space is 40% for me , 60% for your grocery store , temperature is what did you say , 69 degrees , okay , and then grand opening date why do you need it at september ?  ahh , for your breakfast huh .  okay .  no , i'll just write down what we came to .  operation , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , opening date .  alright , you want to go ask her ?  okay .  so uh..what 's , what 's most important to you ?  the opening time .  you cannot open too early .  cannot open too early .  okay .  so you would prefer something later .  cannot afford to open too early .  yeah , because i would like to open early .  but that 's not the most important thing to me .  you prefer september ?  okay .  that 's possiblei don 't really care too much about the opening timemy big thing is renovation cost .  right .  i mean , i feel that good looks outside would make people come in .  i would want to spend a lot of money on that .  okay .  for cost of renovation ?  i would like to go as high as possible .  so $30 , 000 i guess .  $20 , 000 ?  okay well , i mean you said the most important thing to you was opening early ?  no , i meant opening time of date .  you want to open late , i 'm sorry .  that 's the most important thing , you want to open late in the day .  sure .  right .  what 's that ?  right .  i was going to suggest , you know , like i said , that i would like to open early ?  but you want to open late .  grocery , oh yeah .  no no no , i said grand opening time .  i 'm sorry .  we have misunderstanding .  i wanted grand opening time .  right .  and i agree , grand opening in september is fine .  so we'll stop talking about it .  right .  i have a proposal for ya .  oh i see .  i misunderstood .  i thought you said you wanted to open okay , i see .  well ?  i 'm sorry okay .  i mean if i go that far down in the opening time , and seeing how i already said september is fine , do you think maybe you can go all the way up to the top with the $30 , 000 ?  i see .  yeah , possibly .  although you know , that would again be a  decent .  let 's talk about .  let 's make that possible because that would seem like but your proposal seems to be..those are the two middle options .  okay .  so let 's let 's , let 's put this aside .  yeah , floor space and temperature there .  let 's talk temperature first .  i thought we were doing , i 'm sorry , temperature or store area ?  you prefer to have higher temperature .  okay .  so it sounds like to me , your dream is you own 70% of the store. .  and you think..you also want then 70 degrees , 73 ?  71 degrees ?  that 's too low for me .  i 'm sorry , that 's too high for me .  too high a temperature .  i mean , you know , to me , the more floor space what 's that ?  it is a wine store , but still , you know , more store space means you know , i can put more products out there , which means i can sell more .  i mean , i came in here thinking 50% would be as lowest as i would want to go .  would you be willing how about this ?  i would be willing to take 40% of the store , you know , i would give you your extra floor space , if maybe we go up a little higher , or go a little lower for me on temperature .  right .  how about 67 ?  i see .  no , i want 40 .  i only want 40 , you would get 60 .  too low for you .  okay .  cause you see , what i 'm trying to do here , i 'm saying i came in here thinking i would like 50% of the floor space .  and i 'm saying i 'm willing to take only 40% instead in return for , you know maybe a concession from you on making the temperature a little bit lower .  oh , that doesn 't seem good for mebecause two degrees higher puts us at the middle .  you know , the middle of the five options ?  temperature ?  so i 'm giving you the middle here and i 'm still taking hit over here on the floor space .  i mean , you know .  another ten percent of the store isn 't that much either , really .  yes .  okay , that 's two options , is what you're saying .  alright .  true .  that would be okay , i mean you know , in the back of my head i 'm thinking that i agreed to september 1 , so i still feel that you know , somewhere in here , if we were to take the middle of the road , 8:30 opening and $20 , 000 , if we were to take that , i would insist on 40% of the floor space for me and 67 degrees .  so the total agreement would be open at 8:30 , $25 , 000 for renovation , 40% floor space for me , 60% for you69 degrees and september 1 .  okay , deal .  great .  that 's no time , uh , 10 minutes ?  40% for me .  nice talking .  well , um , what 's your name , first ?  my name is shihua .  yeah .  shihua .  douglas .  douglas .  you're really famous with one movie star .  shihua .  shihua .  yeah , shihua , actually it 's okay .  uh no , actually .  i think probably , i want to it to be earlier , because , yes , you know , i have wine and yeah , i already got stock in my wine store .  yeah , so i think it 's better for me to start my business as soon as possible .  i 'm located in rockville .  i really do not like august .  yeah now , so , i mean , i 'm the space , so far , i 'm still running that space , so , i mean , the rental increase is very high , so i just want to move from there to here as soon as possible .  right , right , right .  i hope we can open , i mean , together .  i think , i mean , in dupont circle , there are lots of other shoppers , so i think i mean , to attract other people 's eye , i think we have to make some decoration of our shops .  i think we have to show some specialty , i mean to others , right ?  when people drive or walk around dupont circle , they can , i mean , see all the shops , i mean .  but you know there is a lot of walkers .  no , i don 't think so , i mean well , you know , i mean in dupont circle , there are a  lots of people there and a lot of people live there , so i mean , someday they must have party or no party , or even want to drink something , maybe coke or wine , stuff like that , so i think i mean yes , so we also want to , i mean , we're very convenient to customers .  no , i don 't think so .  i think i mean , i mean , most of the parties or like dinner , they are there in the evening right ?  no , not everybody goes to restaurant right ?  not for everybody , not most of the time , they are still eating at home , not really , at restaurant .  so i just think , i mean well , how early do you want ?  5am ?  !no .  i just think , i mean , because i mean , people coming from the metro , i mean , in the metro station , there are already a lot of other grocery store , from small one .  i mean , they already have newspapers , they already have breakfast so well , we also have that .  we'll have new york times , we also have wall street journal , so i don 't think i mean , we should open so early , right ?  most of them get everything in , i mean , just nearby the metro station .  but do you think 5am too earlybecause i have a guy who do the statistics .  he said actually , the rush hour , the rush hour is starting from 8 o'clock , actually .  it means i mean , i mean , in the metro , in the metro , i mean , 8 o'clock , 9 o'clock , there are most of the people there .  you know what ?  i mean working bees .  they probably do not really really care about the .  but they can buy them nearby the metro station , not really need to go to the grocery store to buy it , right ?  since you're a very big one , i mean , people will have to spend the time to walking and finding what they want .  i think we should targeton the people who come back home , not people who go to work .  when people come back home , i mean , they are very free so they have , have enough time to select what kind of things they want to buy .  i think this maybe better for you , i mean , every people have to eat so they go to your grocery store to buy bread , buy drink , to buy other things for their dinner and maybe they can also , i mean , wine or other liquors from our from my store .  so i just think , i mean yes .  yes , yes , we have to cooperate right ?  you know what ?  we should target on the people who come back homeso , so in this way i think 7 is also too early .  i will prefer like , 9 o'clock or something like that .  no , because , i mean , because my target , our target is focused on the people who come back home , people , i mean like housewife who stay at home , i mean , they don 't want to get up so early right ?  no , i think it 's .it 's a nice place so a lot of people live there , so there must be housewives , other people there , so i mean they don 't need to get up so early right ?  well , that 's a problem .  the joggers and the bicyclers , they're on the streetthey're usually do not really like to go into the store to walk around to find what they want so you still think 7 is good ?  you know what ?  because my shop most of the stuff is wine , 7 o'clock is not really practical for mebecause nobody will get up so early to buy wine right ?  so , i think i mean , most of the people , i mean , buy food but they come back home no really buy food when they go to work , so i think your target should mostly focus on the people who come back .  so i think it 's better to have a late time instead of early time .  and also i think there are lots of i mean , small groceries there , and people can very easily to get newspapers , get breakfast , so i do not really think people will , i mean , would like to going to your big store to find what they want .  i don 't want the same thing happen in your store right ?  so i mean , i saw a lot of people they buy food when they come back home , so why not start late and close late ?  half an hour , that doesn 't make much difference right ?  you know what ?  what do you think about 7 , 7:30or 8 o'clock ?  i mean , people are rushed to go to our place .  frankly , i think you probably also know people who buy wine are mostly wine in the evening , in the later afternoon so they are really well , let 's forget , let 's forget the bums .  i mean , yeah i think 9 .  i think 9 is better .  i really do not think , i mean , this half an hour difference make , this half and hour difference i think you should also understand my situation .  look at other liquor stores .  most of them open in the noon time .  , yes , i mean , i mean , they are going to buy wine for what ?  for parties , not for office right ?  well , i mean , it 's not very , i mean , frequently occur .  so most of them , i mean , still buy wine i mean for the evening , not for the daytime .  i think lunch time is good , right ?  because there 's lots of office buildings there so i believe , i mean , your store will definitely get lots of people who have lunch .  you should have really good decoration , very special , i mean , people will like it here and people will enjoy it here .  people will come here again .  so i also think , we should i mean , do a great renovation , i mean , to our store .  let 's make us very competitive to other stores right ?  well , every building in dupont circle dupont circle is nice place , so every building are good , every building is good .  so we have to have our own oh , every place is clean , every place is well , dupont circle is not the case .  i mean , it 's not the situation .  i mean , dupont circle is very nice place and very famous place .  there 's lots of other stores there .  so i mean , we have to have our own attraction to other people .  i want people to come again and then again .  10 , 000 ?  !no , i think 10 , 000 is not enough .  10 , 000 can actually , i want to spend a lot of money .  yeah , most i think i can get back the investment very soon .  well i think it 's for our store , not only for individual person , so i 'd rather , i mean to share the expense , right ?  but 10 , 000 is not really helpful because i mean very high how about we do this ?  you , oh , by the way , i have another question .  how much space you want for the whole store ?  60% ?  how about we do it this way ?  i 'm going to i think for the whole renovation , the total we need is around $30 , 000 .  for the space , i don 't need half; i think 40% is enough for me .  so , i mean , so then for the renovation , i can pay half .  so total is $30 , 000 , i 'm going to pay you $15 , 000 .  hi , so what works best for you for hours of operation ?  what would be your best case scenario ?  so what time do you think will be a good time to open ?  what 's your suggestion ?  rightit 's better for me to be open later because a lot of people want to come in the evening .  that 's a good idea .  that 's a good idea but i think a lot of people buy wine in the last minute .  but you know , i also know that i go grocery shopping later in the evening because that 's what works best with my scheduleso would you compromise ?  would you consider something maybe an 8:30 opening time ?  right , see 8:30 is still really early for me but i don 't think i can go much earlier than 8:30 .  that 's great .  no , no , i don 't .  but i 'd be willing to go a bit earlier slightly opening time for you if you were to consider a higher renovation cost amount .  well , let 's talk about renovation costs .  what would be ideal for you for renovation costs ?  for me , decoration is the big thing .  i 'm a wine store and i have to show off my goods , i want to have it fancy looking , i want to make it look like french wine country , so i really need quite a bit for well , if we could do 25 , 000 for renovation , i 'd be willing to open at 7:30 .  okay!okay .  i would like to have 40% of the floor space .  okay!yeah , i definitely need low temperature .  for me , it would be 65 .  okay .  what about if we did 69 ?  i definitely can 't go over 70cause some of the wine would spoil then .  then our .then our costs would go up for electricity .  69i definitely want to open earlier the better , because i don 't have as much prep work to do , so may 1st was my best date to open .  right , right .  i don 't think it does .i don 't know how long .  i guess it depends on how many people we have renovating .  would you consider july 1st ?  yeah .  i guess i would train your people if that would make it so you can open july 1st .  right , okay , i can take that , so is july 1st okay then ?  okay!that 's it!we're good!hello ?  we're done!we're good!umm. .  right .  basically , start talking about work hours of operation .  yeah .  mmm how about we start operation at 10:30 ?  excuse me 7 , you mean 7:30 ?  but , but , people tend , tend tobuy things in the evenings also .  how about 9:30 ?  mmm , okay , so , okay for us , we tend to spend , we would like to spend more money on the renovationso that we can keep our image i think this is also important for you .  mmm , so you prefer having 60% of the floor space ?  our investigation says that higher the renovation cost , the better the customers .  tend to spend $30 , 000 on renovation .  for the floor space , if you're eager to take 60% , and then it 's okay for us to take 30% .  i think i have compromised with you about hours of operationbecause this renovation cost is quite important for us .  your first offer was 7:30am and mine was 10:30am , now it 's 8:30 , so now it 's closer to yours than mine .  mmm 8:30 is directly in the middle .  how about if we talk about some other how about we talk about temperature of the store .  the temperature is very important for us to keep the wine in the , in the best , in the best .  so , we prefer the temperature to be as low as possible .  probably 65 degrees .  sorry ?  wine .  mmm but we when the customer comes , they won 't shop in our cooler .  they will shop in wine shop so is it make a difference if you keep the in the cooler .  i think for how do you say that you know , mine is very sensitive to the temperature .  so if you if temperature is not cold enough then i think it is not acceptable for us .  how about 67 degrees ?  mmm , okay then that 's compromise .  we get the 67 degrees and you will get 60% floor space .  we prefer as much as possiblebut we also understand that you may not want that much .  mmm also can we talk about grand opening date first ?  when , which date do you prefer ?  okay so do you .is august 1st still good for you ?  if we if you can spend $30 , 000 for the renovation cost , could we open ...  could have the grand opening at august 1st ?  mmm i hope you can understand , but because most of our customers they are willing to spend a lot of money on buying wine and they really appreciate shopping in very nice place .  if we don 't we think in the long term we can earn the money back .  how about we okay .how about 25 , 000 ?  probably if i , if we spend 25 , 000 , i will let the grand opening a bit early .  it 's good ?  or july ?  okay .  deal .  yes .  yes i have some good wineand also i should have i should have a larger market because customers like this wine .  so now yes that 's actually , maybe we can work together .  yes i think that yeah .  people that come to buy my wine also they should buy some food from you .  you know ?  so maybe we can cooperate with each other .  for me ?  for my business i think i 'd prefer to long my business operations date , and maybe like .  later is much better for me .  i see that just like 10 .  maybe i can start at 10:30 am to finish at 10: 30 pm .  yeah .  but i think that 6:30 is little early .  you know ?  even some people , maybe they have one , one or two pie at the early morning .  but maybe yeah looks like your closing is also too early .  thirty , 6:30 is a little bit because always .  some people maybe always they want to do some shopping at the night .  because they have no more time at the morning .  it 's also for you is much later .  you know .  some people don 't like to wake up at the early morning .  yeah .  because they go to work .  and maybe they like to go work .  maybe they want to go back in the morning , the night they have more time .  so they can enjoy .  yes .  i think that yes maybe we can work maybe like we can work , like 9:30 .  should be fine .  but , 7:30 , yes the areas but actually want i think  for its easier .  according my knowledge , my knowledge in the business area , i think early morning most the people they don 't buy , they don 't just buy some food at the morning .  they like to buy some food at night .  i think they go i think should they come tommorow morning. .  but , that 's i think , people they i always say at the breakfast they need to go quickly .  they always know a lot of food they eat .  always , maybe they just , some people they don 't buy anything .  they just go directly to coffee because they sleep .  so maybe tack itso maybe they get up 7:30 .  and then they don 't go to buy some shopping given some people they want coffee shops , yes , some coffee shop but actually .  they maybe can buy coffee at their office building .  because they don 't have no more time to enjoy .  but actually , at night they have , go there and buy coffee , maybe take their convience , enjoy and have a longer time to enjoy .  so maybe but 7:30 is too , i think , actually most business should be at  the afternoon , even for your , for your food .  always they have to work maybe 5  and then they will go shopping .  they spend a lot also they go shopping therefore there here .  always they can prepare for their breakfast .  so that is , you know difficult on the morning .  they have no little time , even if they buy something in the morning it is a very small amount of food .  they don 't .  yeah in the morning , because they have no more time to enjoy food .  but actually 7:30 ?  for me ?  i think 7:30 is too , too some little early because maybe , yeah , maybe we can , you can choose between just 9:30 and or yes .  but i also think that early night .  early night is also out for your business .  just after 5 .  after 6  , i think people will go shopping and also maybe they can after 6  because they are off work , yes .  yes .  i think after the 5 , 6 , 5 or 6  they would go shopping and i think you should just give them at night , at night one hours is too short .  so for , 8:30 , i think , always some people they , they come back early , maybe early , maybe they have some work , some work to do .  so they so go your shopping maybe like 7  , they can go from shopping and then back , and always i think most of people most people go back to sleep at night maybe 11  .  you know , most people go to sleepy at 11 .  grocery , so you understand , i 'm concerned about the early morning business , the early morning .  because i have bagels and i have pastries , i have strudels in the morning .  i also wanted to some out of the morning to buy some food .  i found a few people to buy food at the early morning .  always they maybe , at noon there is always business because they have want for lunch .  and also night , yes , there is also a lot of business .  for you .  for you its okay because some people they don 't cook by at home .  so they buy at night , they go to your store yeah. .  your store .  at the noon grocery , were going to miss , were going to miss out on a great deal of business in the morning .  so , but , yeah , but actually , it 's a percent of your business for the early morning .  for the early morning i think maybe this ten percent .  so your ten percent grocery , from what i can , what i cant tell you its probably more like thirty , thirtyfive percent .  so ten percent , just ten percent maybe is a long distance .  okay .  we can move to next issue .  so , some peoplehold on , some people wont come in , they'll say it 's too common .  so they don 't grocery , so you think they won 't like it ?  not attractive for them .  no , no they don 't know .  we have to make the renovation part of your coffee or your some special food .  so they can see its very interesting , oh this is no joke .  otherwise i think for me , i think more spending is much better .  but , consider your sitation , maybe i think twentyfive yes twentyfive thousand , maybe we can be negotiate twenty five thousand .  grocery , well , i only wanted to spend ten thousand .  i 'd be willing to ah ten thousand 15 thousands is i think 25 i can get .  you want to go higher ?  you know so ?  twenty thousand .  but , twenty thousand , for me , is still , it 's , maybe we can talk in fact one more time .  one more time .  floor place i just wanted to know how much space you need .  but , for your i think , for your , i think for you 30 30 percent .  how much for you ?  for your like space .  that 's right ?  okay .  that 's what i can accept .  yeah .i just , because , for my wine i just have 40% for me space is neededyeah .  we can move up .  yes .  you can take sixty percent .  and again temperature .  because you know i sell special food .  just wine need to be at low temperature but also for your food , you have some table with some apple or some fruit or what where .  want to sell. .  yes 70 is too , too high i could 't afford this one .  so for me , it 's like it like , 67 degree should be fine .  yeah for wine .  but actually i want .  nah .  70 is still high because i have always , i always some special affinity for my special wine .  but actually , for refridgerating the wine , i think maybe keep it like at , 67or 69 .  yeah but 69 , that could face .  but i think maybe we , if you can 69 but 69 is a little bit , if you can only give me 67 is much better .  two , even just two degrees lower but two , but two degrees is more significant for my wine .  but for your bread maybe it is no much problem .  you know bread , even you bread you can also store in the refridgerator to keep your bread fresh .  but you , but your bread , you also have a microwave because some people yeah , yeah , that is reason they have ...  no , no , no .  they want to hot bread .  you know ?  no .  they want it hot .  67!they want to go to home or back to office .  maybe outside temperature is much higher then our store .  so that 's perfect .  grocery , you want to pay all these airconditioning fees ?  is that , i mean , when we need to talk about the airconditioning fees too .  to keep the entire building at 67 degrees is going to be expensive .  i think that air conditioning is fine but okay you're , you're an consdiration , your limit is .  is expensive for you ?  airconditioning ?  yeah .  that 's one we can put aside .  if your , i think we can the last one .  yea .  the grand opening date for me is .  i think june 1st i can accept .  yeah , this is my borderlinebecause i want to open early .  it 's important .  grocery , well for me it 's important to open laterbecause i have some private , i have some special breads from europe so when is your  okay .  so when is your july 1rst but if you can go some on temperature .  i can not accept , we can exchange .  you , i can accept july 1rst and you give me low temperature like 67 .  i can accept that .  too low ?  8:30 okay i can i can accept 8:30 but  if you can accept 67 and 9:30 , okay ?  grocery , 9:30 ?  yeah .  9:30 am .  8:30 is a little grocery , we talked about 8:30 .  it 's plenty of time .  too early , too early i always no , no , no .  because for my wine always they want people buy also maybe later of the morning and then later of the night .  that 's it for me .  so , 9:30 i can accept that and i can accept the july 1rst .  okay august 1rst i can accept .  8:30 if you can accept that .  another is ...  9:3025 , 000 to the 8:30 is too , too , for me .  yes half of my business will go , you know .  i want to not be open early .  because most people come in the afternoon and the night .  but your , but your .  drink .  always they at the later , late of the night .  you could 't want 8:30 to ...  because they sell special wine .  just for the , for the customers is no students .  business people always come in all the time .  they couldn 't come later .  grocery , after 8:30 .  you know , for me , most of my business is is for long after 6 .  started , maybe just 20 percent of business maybe at noon , at the , at the day time .  at the night time after 6pm , i can do my business .  but .  just two hours can 't be , you know .  two hours of business is too you know wine always is too no , no i couldn 't afford .  even i couldn 't run my business , you know .  9:30 is my bottomline .  temperature i can ?  for me .  for me .  which one ?  august 1rst , i can accept that .  but you give me 67 degree .  grocery , i'll give you 67 degrees .  i'll give you 25 thousand dollars .  i need the 8:30because i won 't have any business in the morning .  8:30 i couldn 't accept .  8:30 for me , i just have two hours at night .  no i think for your , your other morning .  i think your just have 10 , 10 percent business at the early morning .  even your going to have business no , no 30 percent because no , no .  for me , i think because at the day time just twenty percent .  i just have business at 20 percent at the night , day time .  at this my borderline should be 9:30too early .  that 's it to me its to earlyat the day time , i can close store i have no business .  my wine business is always after 6  .  atleast after 6  people come back so they buy the , come back and buy wine .  i can accept 69 .  69 and you give me 9:30 .  that 's we can , i can accept .  yeah i can give you august .  oh yeah .  that we can make a deal .  yeah .  20 thousand .  so we can make a deal ?  yeah .  that 's fine right there .  okay .  thank you .  okay , well we have 5 things to talk about , so we gotta figure out well , why don 't we do one at a time and then we can go back to the ones that we're still having trouble with and then we can figure out what to do from there .  well , i think we gotta start off with hours , i mean , you know , i really i really need to be open pretty late , i mean , people well , 10:30 would be great .  what ?  well , you know , what sort of offer would you i mean , you knowi've gotta have it open late at night , that 's when people buy wine .  well , i mean the issue that i really , you know , is the whole idea of how much to put in for renovation .  well , i think that 's  that may well be , i don 't know , i suspect , you know .  that very well may be .  but you know , in other words , you well , you know , i would say that the issue of renovation would be the one that 's most important to me .  $30 , 000.00 well , if the goal of this was to get something in the middle of , you  know , i 'd be willing to open at 8:30 if i can get $25 , 000 for renovation .  well , what would you do for floor space ?  well okay , what 's most important for me are , is the renovation and hours of operationthose are the ones where .getting a later hour of operation and getting more money for renovation is i would be willing to do september the 1st if you're willing to do 9:30 to 9:30 .  yeah , okay , if i get 25 , 000 for ...  okay , okay .  well , i mean , ideally 60/40 40% is better than anything else .  that 's fine with me , i have no problem with that .  what about temperature ?  mmm , ideally for me , it should be at , ideally for me , if i wanted it to favor me more , it'll probably be 73but i 'm willing to compromise to make it 69 .  let me add the points right now , do you mind ?  let 's see , mmhmm .  i 'm going to see what my points would be if i agreed to your offer , like , so mmm .  actually , 67 degrees , if i compromised there , would you be willing to accept everything else ?  67 degrees , making a concession for you .  i don 't do too badly if that 's the case .  okay .  well , i guess we shake hands and knock the door .  right , you're not supposed to .  hi , how are you doing ?  good , so do you wanna yeah maybe start with what we like most , or however you wanna start ?  grocery , um yeah that 's good .  yeah um do you wanna go first ?  okay , one of the most important things for me is getting the renovation done as nicely as possible .  and i really like to put some money into that .  about 30 thousand ?  what do you counter propose ?  wow we're pretty far off on that one .  um , okay so do you wanna maybe go on to another oneand there could be like a tradeoff where we spend more on this more of something else .  um the next most important thing for me is hours of operation .  yes i do .  my best is from 10:30 to 10:30 , so it sounds like if we compromise on this one cuz i was thinking i 'd be pretty willing to automatically go from 9:30 to 9:30 .  much less than that i lose out on much of the party crowd .  right , 6:30 you would lose out on the crowd coming out of work .  and you would lose out on that crowd too coming out of work .  let 's start that and maybe come back to that depending on how everything else goes ?  okay .  what 's the next most important thing for you ?  um , you know i..as you already figured out would prefer an earlier date .  but this issue is not as important to me as the temperature .  i would really like the temperature to be kept low for my wine .  so i would give up something for the grand opening date in order to get the temperature done around 65 degrees .  i 'd take that .  great .  okay well that one was easy .  so that comes down to floor space .  how much floor space do you want ?  beautiful!if you want 60 percent , 40 percent is what i want .  okay good , so we have 3 of them solved .  that comes back to renovation costs .  renovation cost is my most important issue , was it your most important issue also or not ?  um .  right because for me i might be willing to go 7:30 to 7:30 pm if we could up that to 25 , 000 .  you'll do that ?  wow .  i think so , let me just look at how i did , because we may need to renegotiate .  grocery , haha , yeah .  i 'm okay with what i have , that worked out .  do you want see if there 's any more optimal solutions since we finished so early ?  because there was something it made me , ya know in order of importance for me , it goes renovation cost , hours of operation , temperature , floor space , grand opening date .  so renovation cost is totally one that you're easy to give up on .  so that was a good tradeoff .  grand opening date , if i was gonna trade something off that was good for me because temperature was important to me .  um you know i think we probably. .  i think we probably maximized it for both of us .  that 's what i suspect , because in the long run .  if this relationship is gonna work we both have to feel like  we got enough out of it .  mine is better than my midway point .  , restit 's not fantastic but it 's not bad .  as far as yeah , um. .  if you were gonna get if i were to up my points drastically someplace , the thing that would up my points a lot would be to um .would be to spend more on renovationbut that would decrease your points i 'm guessing .  ,  , wait renovation is your 5th most important ?  yeah and i got zero points on grand opening date .  but here 's the question .  i could improve my score a little bit , by spending an extra five thousand on  renovation cost but opening up an hour earlier and closing an hour earlier .  what we agreed to was 8:30am to 8:30pm .  oh no i said..i thought we agreed to 8:30 to 8:30 .  oh did we agreed to 7:30 ?  right i get the 25 , 000 , so if i did the 6:30 to 6:30 but we spend 30 thousand on renovation costs that would get me a few more points .  if we opened up at 6:30 to 6:30 but spend more on renovation that would increase my points score .  would that increase your points score ?  that gets me , yep , that improves my point score a little bit .  let 's see if there 's anything else that might improve our points scores .  i don 't think so .  we did go for the extreme case to improve our points score .  because i got my highest on the things that were 3 , 4 , 5 to you .  okay then , so uhh do you want to just uh so i'll sort of , i'll give you my first proposal and see if its matches with what you want to do .  is that how you want to do it or do you want to go item by item ?  first one ?  okay so my proposal is i think will work for both us is i like to have the hours of operation 10:30 in the morning til 10:30 in the night .  i think that would be good time to get people that are shopping for lunch and shopping for dinner and so forth .  and then i think we need to do is renovation of this place , we gotta put up a good front to attract people .  so i think we should go with 30 , 000 dollars .  30 renovation , then i was thinking maybe i 'd take about 30 percent of the spot .  i mean the wine doesn 't take up that much room and i 'm sure you have more stuff that you need to spread out since you have much more of a variety of grocery stuff than i do with wine .  and i 'm thinking maybe to have 65 degrees as the temperature helps keep the wine cool and tasting good .  i 'm sure it'll help you too with keeping fruit outside .  i 'm thinking maybe we open around july 1st would work really well for me .  so umm , so what do you think ?  i didn 't think about that .  so i don 't know , its too early to close i meani have to see other people who come after work and buy wine for the evening , they need to buy that too .  maybe we can just split this right down the middle and do 8:30 to 8:30 .  umm equal arguments both ways .  sounds good ?  okay .  what would you like to see ?  10 , 000 ?  we gotta make the place look nice , i mean we gotta attract customers , 10 , 000 is way too. .  but i can 't bring customers in later on if you put some money down upfront you'll make a first impression .  you can 't go back on first impressions .  you need to put money down and attract the people who want to buy stuff from you .  impossible ?  okay , how bout 25 , 000 ?  i'll start downhill , gotta make it look nice .  no ?  gotta have the wide isles to have people walk down and pick up , be able to feel comfortable in the grocery store .  let 's skip that one and go to the next one for now .  so , floor space i was thinking 30 percent for me , i don 't have that much to display .  i could work with that , sure .  i was thinking 65 would be good .  keep it cool , the fruit stays doesn 't ripen too fast .  that works ?  73 , oh that 's way too high for me .  i gotta keep my wine is my whole business here .  alcohol 's gotta stay cool so i can keep it , keeps it nice , keeps it flavoring .  i can 't go that , i can 't definitely go that high .  but that costs more money , the more i have in the fridge space i have the more money it costs to run .  september!september , i gotta start making money man .  i have my wine .  i don 't need that , i 'm selling wine .  not like i 'm expecting a huge rush on my wine all of a sudden .  i have a few employees and they're all ready to go .  okay , alright , alright so let 's so alright so it seems we have problems with renovation costs , temperature and opening day .  okay let 's say i'll move the opening date back to september , but let 's do umm okay so here 's my offer .  i'll move the move in date back to september , and i'll give you a temperature of 67 degrees if you give me .renovation cost of 20 thousand .  okay ?  you can accept that ?  alright so , alright so you got 830 , we got 20 thousand renovation , i'll take 40 percent of floor space , 67 degrees , and september 1st .  73!i didn 't go that low .  okay , alright .  but i gave you two months for grand opening day , two months my wine is gonna be sitting on the shelves not selling .  69 ?  well um how bout you give me yeah but these are two important degrees , let 's say alright how bout you give me , how bout can we move it back up to july 1st , and i'll put it down to 69 .  it was sort of a package thing , i cant just put it down okay how bout august 1st and i'll give you 69 .  71!good golly , alright this is looking tough .  i mean i came down 10 , 000 and on the renovation cost , i mean i really wanted the 30 thousand .  so come on , 67 degrees ?  alright 69 degrees and i'll give you september 1st , okay we'll do that .  is that okay ?  67 ?  so i'll say you didn 't want 67 september 1st , you wouldn 't accept that ?  you'll accept that .  ummm , okay..sure .  alright so yeah 8:30 , 20 , 000 40 percent for me 69 degrees and september 1st ?  alright , sounds like we got a deal .  i guess we're done .  i think we need to answer questions afterwards , she saidalrighty , i was looking at this i think it would be pretty good to get together here and form business here .  i have a few issues here;i think my big issues here are the hours of operation and renovation costs .  in terms of the hours of operation , we're going to be in dupont circle .  i mean we're talking metropolitan area this is not going to be people that will be waking up early in the morning .  these are people that will be working late .  they're either going to be coming home late or they're going to be cruising around town here .  i don 't see too much sense opening up the place up really early here .  i 'm thinking the very earliest at 9 , 9:30 in the morning .  being able to stay open late , 9:30 at night when people are still around .  uh , frankly i 'd rather just open up at 10:30 and keep it open till 1030 .  i think that 's the way we should go on that .  well , there 's that and i think it 's important to renovate the place here .  because if it doesn 't look that nice , especially in dupont circle , people just wont go in .   they're going to be looking for glitz and glamour and all that stuff .  they're going to want a nice little place here .  especially with the place like ours which is going to have your upscale groceries , my upscale liquors .  people see a crummy place , they're not going to be like ummm , they're not going to bother to look what 's in there .   they're going to look at dcor outside there .  that 's going to be their first time .  me i think it 's fair that we have money going into thisand opening early .  correct .  but i mean do you think for an upscale place people will be going in to buy breakfast ?  i 'm thinking they'll be coming in to buy groceries primarily for dinner , lunch , for lunch and dinner .  i don 't know .  i mean is that really what you want to aim for ?  like donuts and coffee ?  grocery , uh huh , probably .  that 's why i 'm a little concerned so probably we'll have to discuss this first about operation hours .  okay .  in terms of floor space i was aiming for 40 percent .  for me , i 'm sorry .  i 'd get 40 percent .  that'll give you a little more .  umm , temperature ideally i want 65 degreesbut i mean i will be a little more lenient .  frankly i think 65 degrees half the people in there are going to be freezing .  so , i 'm thinking i do need my lockers to be a little cool for my wine .  so what i 'm aiming for here is 69 degrees .  on that , if that 's the case there it should be nice enough uh for my side .   i think on your side it might be a little chilly but i don 't think 69 , that 's typical thermostat for winter weather .  i think if its summer , they're not going to mind if it 's a little chilly in there .  i think 69 would be a really good compromise there .  i want to be the whole 30 thousand .  that 's what i 'm aiming for .  in terms of renovation , that 's what i was aiming for 30 , 000 renovation. .  grocery , because that 's a little too much for me , i have to be honest .  i don 't think there 's a need for me to spend that much on decorations .  for me i have to spend more on training employees so .umm how bout i pay 15 , 000 and we can keep the temperature on 69 degree .  do you think that 's fair ?  wine , tell you what , i 'm willing to do willing to hike up the temperature up to 71 .  but i really want to spend some money into renovations here .   i think that 's important .  i still want the full 30 , 000 to be honest with you .  i think the more we throw there it will pay off in the end .   it might be expensive at first but i think in the long term that 's going to help us out .  what 's your main concern about if we spend 30 , 000 in renovation ?  which one would you go for ?  25 and 71 .  alright , that 's good .  um floor space i figure see that 's the thing .   i want to get this done as early as possible here .  i mean i understand you got training time , training time issues here .  so i mean we don 't want to open up may 1st here , but i mean , i would think a month should be plenty of time to train the new people here .  i 'm thinking june 1st would be fine to open .  i mean i could understand that argument a little bit but uh i don 't see how decorations would really push the time off per se .  i don 't see how decorating would cost us time opening up .  and there 's just no way you can train at the same time your doing decorations .  that doesn 't seem like. .  yeah but i mean that 's just the way running a business ya know .  you got to deal with what you got there .  why don 't we get back to the hours of operation .  do you really think , you think there 's going to be a breakfast crowd ?  you think there 's going to be people coming in for that ?  grocery , yeah , i 'm owning the grocery store now , i mean , people do grab some coffees or donuts , something like that .  you got to understand here , i mean , people don 't go buying wine at 6:30 in the morning .  on the other hand and having a liquor store close at 6:30 , 7:30 at night .  that 's kind of a mood point .  i basically cut some of my business down to like saturdays and sundays .  so i obviously i like it as late as possible here .  alright , this is what i 'm seeing here .  if we open up at 830 in the morning that should still get a good chunk of your breakfast crowd .  that should probably be enough time to get people into my store , i don 't think my clientele are exactly going to be the people going out making a late night run looking for liquor anyways .  so if we went for 8:30 in the morning to 8:30 in the evening .  i think that would be a way to compromise both your crowd for the breakfast people and my wine customers .  alright .  alright let 's say decorations take a month , if you work on training i think that would be a month tops there .  if we combined month for decorations and month for training that would push us back to july 1st .  i already got my wine and liquor ready i don 't really need too much training .  i 'm willing to sit back for a little bit but i think july 1st would be the way to go for me .  i 'm already holding back two months , i don 't see how that could really hurt you guys too much at this point , if we went for july 1st .  reluctantly so , but i'll go with it .  alright , great .  that was good .  okay .  the best for me would be from 1030am to 1030pm .  yeah , probably .  okay , cuz your pm .  because i 'm like a liquor wine store .  yeah um .  yeah , because i can do i mean if people are in there buying other stuff they may pick up wine or liquor or something later in the day .  i don 't know..but yeah , 830830 pm .  yeah .  okay that 's fine .  uh huh , and of course i think for me my maximum is , ideally i would like 30 thousand dollars for renovation .  and again , this is kind of more important then the hours of operation .  i mean i could go for 20 thousand .  if that 's okay .  and then for floor space , ideally like 40 percent .  yeah .  60 percent for you .  and then for temperature , we'll need it a little cooler for the wine .  65 degrees would be. .  i think depending on where i put stuff in the store , i think 69 degree would be okay and still be comfortable for people to walk around .  and then for the grand opening date , if may 1st would be the best june 1st wouldn 't be too bad either .  okay , so maybe , what about july then ?  we can compromise on that too .  umm so , 8:30 to 8:30 pm right ?  think then people would still be able to make it before work for like 9 .  they 'd still be able to pick up stuff for dinner or for later in the evening .  um , renovation cost 20 thousand and floor space having 60 percent for you is okay .  and the temperature at 69 degrees and the grand opening date being july 1st .  that 's okay ?  i 'm ping .  nice to meet you .  okayum , i do not have any preference .  ok .  ummm , let me think .  umm , i would want 40 percent of floor space , what do you think ?  that works for you ?  ok .  what about the grand opening date , what do you think ?  you think later is good ?  umm i want it to be early i hope it can be opened earlier is better .  i hope it can be may 1st .  because you know i have all the products , if opens early it 's better for me .  we can negotiate on this or we can just like i said we can negotiate .  umm , this one is pretty important but i think what is for you ?  all of this is pretty much all the same  not too much difference .  then we talk about the renovation cost .  okay , how many cost is i think it 's too less .  yeah , it 's not enough .  uhh , i 'm sorry you know .  do you think we share total cost ?  for example if we see 10 thousand we share the 10 thousand ?  yeah maybe we should ask .  i would like 30 thousand .  okay .  how bout august 1st ?  september 1st is too late .  is that so much difference for you ?  it 's okay..umm , go this one .  september 1st is the latest .  september one , okay .  so what about the hours of operation ?  for me it 's later the best what about the temperature ?  73 degrees , for me the lower is better for wine .  is temperature as much important as hours of operation for you ?  the operation is more important , it 's the same .  yeah .  8:30 to 8:30 ?  still .i think the 9:30 to 9:30 , is most important that okay for you ?  what about the temperature ?  hmm .71 ?  can you do 69 ?  no ?  let me think .  that 's not good for mebecause the opening day is already very late for me .  yeah .  the latest .i cannoti only can accept the 9:30 to 9:30 and the 69 degrees , otherwise i would change the opening date .  , okay , so for the hours of operation , for temperature i forgot .  what did you say ?  or hmm , what about this ?  if i agree to 9:30 to 9:30 and 71 , can we push the opening date to august 1st ?  you don 't agree with that ?  but , is the temperature so important to you ?  um , so the 71 and 69 degrees is so important to you ?  its really hard for me .  do you think its ten minutes ?  20 thousand , no that 's not good for me .  what if , can we go like to 9:30 to 9:30 and uh 67 degree and for the floor space i can go 30 percent .  what about the 69 degree ?  8 to 8 .  we talked about the 9:30 to 9:30 and 68 degree right ?  umm so you think the operation and temperature is most important ?  10:30 to 10:30 and 73 um no .  what about 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degrees ?  um , no .  if we go 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degree , i mean 73 degree then i would like to change to august one .  do you accept the 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degree ?  so you agreed to 9:30 to 9:30 and 71 degree , right ?  okay .  10:30 to 10:30 if you have floor space only at 30 percent , can you go lower degree ?  71 degree , 71 .  no , renovation cost i don 't wanna change , just like you don 't wanna change opening day , right ?  you see i already took the opening date , the latest one .  see but the temperature is the worst option for me .  i got 2 worst options , you only have one , right ?  oh okay .  they're pretty much the same .  august 1 , 73 degrees and 10:00 to 10:00 .  71august 1st , 73 degree and 1010 .  why do you think this , 10t o 10 , 71 degree .  10:3010:30 and 71 hiso your opening a grocery store ?  are you , are you familiar with dupoint circle and the neighborhood where there , we were proposing to open the store yeah .  five issues .  sure , we can do that .  well , i think that would provide i think that would present something of a problem for the wine businessbecause you know , people like to drink wine in the evening .  dupoint circle is the kind of neighborhood where you don 't have a lot of families , you know , you have young single people that like to be out late .  you know , there problably not going to be shopping for wine in the morning as there going to work .  you know , there going to be most interested in shopping for wine later in the day .  you know , after the've gotten off work , maybe even after the've had dinner , or right before there going to eat , you know , cook dinner .  so , i really feel that 's an important issue for the wine shop is to be open a lot later , i think , then 6:30 pm .  i think that would be a real hardship for my goal .  yeah i would think in a normal community , half and half , but dupoint circle i really think in dupoint circle , you know , i think , you know much more young people .  you know , people , they go to dupoint circle to stay out late , they like to walk around at night , it 's a nice neighborhood for walking around .  maybe they'll see the wine shop still open , go in , buy a bottle .  before they , you know , have a drink , before they , go to sleep and that sort of thing .  i really think we should keep it open a little bit later .  the people there you know , washington d.c .  , is a city where people work really really late .  you know , everyone 's a workaholic , so keep the store open , you know , they may not have eaten yet so they'll stop in buy some food too at 8 or 9 o'clock and then buy there bottle of wine .  i think it could be , long term maybe , mutually beneficial for both of us well obviously keeping it later would be best for me .  i 'd be willing to go closing time as early as 9:30 .  but anything earlier then that  i think is too much for me .  yeah , i think that would i would lose too much business ...  yeah .  that one i just can 't , i can 't close that early .  maybe if we compromise 8:30 pm depending on how much we can spend on the renovations , because that 's my other , i think my , those are my top two issues especially if we're going to be working in dupoint circle .  again , i think , you know , i have all my stock , i have all my stock already .  you know , i already have a wine shop that 's you know , really well stocked .  and , i 'm  , you know , i 'm ready to open now .  as soon as we can get the renovations done , make this store look as , you know , good as possible .  you know , i feel like we should just  , you know , start making money .  you know , we're both in it , we're business people , like to do business .  i don 't like to wait around , you know everythings ready to go for me .  yeah .  i feel 8:308:30 for me , is already a pretty big compromise .  so i feel that i 'd really hurt myself if i agreed to an 8:30 closing timeand then also waiting , you know , four whole months before selling wine at the location .  so i don 't really feel like i can compromise yeah .  i mean , both of those conditions would be acceptable if we could spend a lot , i mean , top dollar on renovating the store .  so we're going to be opening on dupoint circle .  dupoint circle is one of these places , you know , where people pay 2500 hundred dollars a month for there nice apartments , they have good jobs .  they don 't wanna go to your , you know , your cheap neighborhood liquor store , you know , where they sell , you know , crappy wines and crappy liquors .  they want somewhere nice , they want to feel classy , there going to a place where they can spend their hard earned money , and you know , see other people .  so i would , i would , actually compromise on august 1rst opening and 8:30 closing time if we could really spend the maximum amount of money on renovation .  because that 's my , that 's my other big issue , i really need a store that looks nice .  you know , if i am going to move into this community , i have a reputation to protect , i need to have a nice store .  i 'm sure you feel the same way .  well yeah .  i mean , if we did do the 30 , 000 thousand but if we compromised on the hours of operation and the opening date .  i think you would be saving some value there , that you could use to train your employees .  and you will have more time to train , and so forth , if we wait , you know , a little bit longer down the road .  those conditions you know i feel like i've compromised a lot , i can accept those conditions .  but we still haven 't gotten to another issue that 's really going to affect my stock .  and i 'm not sure about the food business , i've only been in the , in the wine business .  i don 't know if you're a wine drinker yourself , but , you know we're going to be opening in dupoint circle , like i said , and people , you know , they want a nice store .  there going to be buying expensive wines and they want that wine to be , you know , in perfect condition when they buy it .  so i also really need the store to be at a cooler temperature then you might otherwise have .  especially at this time in the year , when you know the washington d.c .  summers are so hot .  people are coming in and out , the store can warm up very quickly .  you know , that 's deadly to the wine .  it really needs to be cool it 's true but , i also , you know , i 'm in the wine business to make money .  in my experience , people , you really make your money on the wines that are , you know , are expensive .  because you can usually get those wines at a good deal and pass those prices on to the consumers , french wine that 's worth a lot to them .  when they drink that , it has to be good , or there not going to come back and buy another , you know $50 bottle of french wine .  so , i really feel like its worth it long term to keep the store at a cool temperature .  you know , i feel like it would benefit , you know , you as well , selling fresh produce and specialty foods 69 is really , i think its pushing it for the wine .  i 'd really like to go 67 degree 's on this one .  you know , cause we've already cut a little corners on the renovation from my perspective , you know .  we need to make this store look like it 's fancy because people are coming in to buy .  you know , wine is not an everyday product , it 's a  , you know , a vanity product .  people buy it for special occasions .  it just really needs to be good .  so if we're going to cut a little bit of corners , a few corners on renovations , then i would really like it to be a little cooler in the store .  it really does .  wine at this level , at this level is really expensive , i 'm sure , it really hurts my bottom line .  you know , the thing with the wine business also is that you build a relationship with your customers because most people aren 't experts on wine .  they don 't know , you know , they don 't know the difference from different regions and the wines they produce .  they come to you for good advice and i can 't be , i can 't feel comfortable , suggesting a wine to somebody , that may have been stored improperly .  if you know what i mean .  without the renovations , i 'm not sure , you know , i really need the wine to be top quality that 's got to be the feature of the store , if we can 't have the best renovations .  the wine has to really be okay .  so , how much more money would you be willing to spend on the renovations ?  i think that would be fine because , like i said , the renovations for me really , you know , i mean , i really want the store to look nice .  if we could spend more , i 'd be happy to take more of the floor space , display mine wares and pay more of the rent .  okay .  okay .  i think that 's fine with me .  okay then you have a deal .  so and you're a grocery shop owner .  okay .  so we'll discuss the hours of operation first ?  i need to open later .  yeah .  well my priority will start at 10:30 .  yeah , i know .  well 7:30 will be too early for me , to get up .  i think office time will start at 9 right ?  so maybe 8:30 ?  oh you mean the costs ?  so what do you think ?  you 60 , i 'm 40 right ?  okay , i can accept that .  mmmhmm .  so 7:30 to 7:30pm , that 's too early for me to get the day .  and parties start at 8 mmmhmm , okay .  cost ?  well , like , 25 , 000 ?  i can pay more if you want , i can pay 30 .  do you want to make it to pay more ?  alright .  so i need to be in lower temperature .  yeah .  yeah , the wine to keep fresh .  no .  well , wait a minute .  i need to transfer to celsius degree .  69 ?  okay!that 's true .  i want to open as soon as possible , yeah .  why ?  but without the special items , you still have something to sell right ?  i well my priority is may 1 so well , but how about i can pay more for the renovation cost and we can open earlier ?  no , yeah , i think the hours are more important to me .  oh i see , so weigh different .  well if july 1 works for you then we're okay .  i can take july 1 .  okay ?  so we'll have 8:30 to 8:30 , 25 , 000 , and i 'm 40 , you're 60 , and 69 degrees and july 1 .  we're fast!hi , what 's your name ?  shanna .  my name is enlu .  okay .  right , so i 'm the owner of the wine store .  yeah , right .  so , what , what kinds of grocery do you want to sell ?  okay , very good .  we can talk about issues one by one .  so first , how about the hours of operation ?  so , what do you have in your mind ?  yeah , that makes sensebut , well , what 's your proposal for them ?  what 's your proposal for the hours ?  ohhh .  that will be too early for me .  like one , people like to stay up late , people like to buy wines or , go to the store late , and stay up late so , that will be too early .  so , one thing in my mind is that because we're located in dupont circle , that 's a good place for nightlife , so i think probably in the night there are , we will also get a lot of people .  yeah , so maybe you can sell more , things more , better for nights ?  no , no , it has liquor so wine and liquors and liquor probably would take a large part of the..so the product so. .  yeah , no , me , not personally but i know it 's a good place for night life .  oh , really ?  yeah , i know .  oh , but a lot of my friends went there for , for a drink in the night and they , they like to hang out there late in the night , so and theyand i think another reason is that mmm , right now summer so people tend to stay up very late and you know , at night , you know , the sky begins to dark very late oh no , i think also , like business people like to have yeah , but yeah what 's the latest you can accept ?  wow , that 's still pretty early for me .  well , i propose 9:30 to 9:30 .  but do you think people have breakfast so early ?  and do you think but do you think they will have breakfast at our places or ?  i know there 's alreay like starbuck and places over there no , i think they already have the habits to go there , you know ?  so maybe it , they won 't want to choose to go here for the breakfast very much but you know , like , we two together we will create some new spots for them , so like , they maybe like the wine , accompanied like the food so there needs to be some , something special if we still go to for all the way like starbucks do we want to attract the people from the places .  yeah , i just think , you know , it 's sometimes it 's so hard change a person 's habits if they are already used to one place they go to another place .  we can make talk about later maybe we can combine something else and so the other thing is the renovation costs .  and the we can talk about it with the floor space ?  oh really ?  but i went there too and personally speaking , i don 't like it at all you know ?  it 's like it looks like some lowlevel place .  no but , you know so it is i think it is located where it is the the it 's highly visible to both traffic and cars , so we really need to do something good to attract people but also if you want to keep the customers , the interior should be also comfortable right ?  so yeah , so , what in total would you like to spend on that ?  10 , 15 i think that will only be for just that will the. .  this amount of money will be really good for the front nononothe front and just maybe soso i really want to do something like different in the outside and i really want to make the inside comfortable and cozy for people usually i think 25 , 000 would be okay .  because , like , you know , these days the price is really high if you settle for 20 , 000 , you won 't do muchand also , i think if we can hire a designer or someone , some specialty to do the design thing , that will save us a lot of time and energy and also i think it would be stylish you know ?  but you know , you put more on that and you will get profits in the long run .  you know , nowadays you can see many stores , they open for a little while , and they close , and then they do the renovation .  that hurts them a lot .  it takes them time and they lose their customers .  so why not just okay , so that 's because you , the reason you want to do that is because that 's too much money .  okay , let 's say it 's 20 , maybe so then for the yeah , for the floor space , how much do you want ?  um , i think 40% will be good for me .  really ?  that 's great!so then the temperature ?  the temperature , about , i think because i sell wine and liquors , and now we need to keep them as lower the , the , temperaturethe lower the better for me .  and also , summer time , so i think lower temperature will be good .  and i propose 65 degrees .  is that good for you ?  really ?  but i think , well low temperature should be good for food to store but i think you just say , you , you're , you sell breakfast i mean , do you think they will , do you have like a a microwave oven in your store so you can heat the .  so you just sell things that have normal degree ?  oh , nonono , because all of the store they are wines and liquor , maybe our store , some are in the referidgerator but most of them are just exposed in the store so you know , the , if , the temperature is too high then they will get spoiled very easily at this time of the year .  yeah , they have bottles but temperature has a great impact on the life time of the expiration timeand also about the taste..and also about the taste .  a little bit change in the temperature affects the taste a lot , so the ideal temperature for me is 65 degrees .  how low can you go down ?  but you just said 70 .  oh 70s okay , no , no .  you know , like , taste , like the food , it doesn 't like , usually the temperature doesn 't change the food taste so much and for wines and liquors is especially sensitive and people who like to buy wines have very picky taste .  so that will 70s is impossible for me , that 's impossible .  no , 69 is still too high .  69 is too high .  65 degrees is ideal .  i don 't think they will buy them immediately and eat them you know ?  it 's summer time , it 's so hot outside you know ?  oh no , i don 't think it 's for the whole year .  we can change it right ?  i think it 's just for this time for the year .  grocery , no , i think , when are you putting , do you think you want to open ?  oh yeah , that depends , yeah right .  so , i think the earlier the better right ?  mmhmm .  september ?  !no way , no!actually the more you put into renovation , you can open earlier right ?  20 , 000 we won 't do designer as you said , 20 , 000 just be the , you know but you think .from now to september it 's five months , so in that five months .  but that wold be too too late for me , there 's no way you know .  i can 't do that .  for september , okay , i 'd rather pick somewhere else you know ?  i have other locations maybe , maybe not as good as durpont circle but still very good .  if i start earlier .  you just said we don 't need to rebuild the building , we'll just do some renovation .  i know a lot of tourists go to dupont circle in the summerand still in the summer , a lot of people work you know ?  but if i open in september , i will like , i will have nothing , no money to make you know ?  because wines will expire and and i have the store and i can do that so nope .  i think the latest is june 1st .  so one way is like , i think , one solution is i think if , you would like to renovation spend more on renovation , like 25 , 000 , so we can maybe hire more people and do that quickly you know then maybe i can postpone that to july 1st ?  do you think that is fair ?  i understand that but that will be like , you know , you can get stuff in but you still at least have something to sell but the problem for me is that hi .  ou're the owner of the grocery store , right ?  wine shop , yeah .  oh , that 's too early!but how late do you want to close , like ?  what would be..you prefer what time ?  but how about like people get off work at 5 and they need to go grocery shopping after work .  nobecause well i sell wine and people , people don 't buy wine for breakfast , hopefully not .  people buy wine usually after workso i 'd like to close so later probably , i prefer 10:30 .  yeah , but i prefer to close , i mean open a little bit later , i prefer open at 10:30 .  yeah , because , but people i mean , people don 't go grocery shopping every day you 'd hope right ?  you make sure you buy some groceries on weekends and cook breakfast , right ?  they don 't go to let 's the middle point .  how about 8:30 ?  i mean , not many people get up that early but 8:30 is hmm , let 's see .  okay , how about if i give in on this one and then the next , the next , the next issue you give in a little bit ?  ..good one .  okay , so that 's 7:30 to 7:30 , right ?  the next thing is the renovation cost .  this is very important for mebecause in order to be able to sell wine , you know , you have to have like really nice environment , and like people enjoy itand i have to  .everything .  so i think i need 30 , 000 dollars .  you don 't want to make your store look betterbecause people because there 's a lot of groceries yeah , we can open a little bit lateralthough i prefer to open as early as possible .  i prefer to open in may .  preferably may 1st .  i  know , i know , yeah .  but you said you need more time to buy food and all thatbut i 'm just saying that you'll have enough time to both renovate the store and buy food and everything .  so i think it 's a good idea to decorate the store and make it look better just to be more competitive .  there 's a lot of grocery stores no , noi mean $2000 , to be realistic , i mean what can you do with $2000 , $5000 ?  i mean , it 's so expensive nowadays and i mean , you limit your budget and you go out , and yeah , but we'll pay up later on if you , i mean it 's not really a risk but you know , it 's just you invest more no , no , i don 't think 5000 , no .  5000 i mean is like when you decorate your own home .  like 5000 , just think about it business is more expensive .  $5000 you can 't do much , right ?  i mean , for business , i think minimum amount is at least 25 , 000 to 30 , 000 .  well , really , you can 't do much .   like you buy stair or fur or putting new things like that .  no , no , no .  okay , maybe 25 ?  because i gave in to hours of operation , i can 't give in any i mean later on i can give you more but like , we all agreed that i gave in to the last one , you're going to give in yeah , i know .  yeah , but really you can 't 25 .  well , it will pay off , i mean .  yeah , that 's why we're but , i mean .okay 20 20 , 000 .  okay , so the next is floor space , right ?  what 's your opinion of the floor space ?  i think i need a little bit more space than 30% actually .  because i 'm selling wine and other liquor drinks too and beer and everything .  i need the fridge for my beersand i have hard liquors and i have wine too .and everthingbut it'll take more space than that .  i 'm thinking about 40 .  yeah .  for the next temperature ?  what is your opinion on that ?  yeah but quality and everything wow , that 's very high , 75 degrees .  yeah , i would say so , yeah because , because i prefer actually it a little colder than thatbecause the wine stays betterand i think food would stay better in the cold temperature .  i have it but i don 't put all the wines in the referidgerator , right ?  because i put some of the wines outside .  yeah , that 's why i 'm saying the temperature should be a little colderand if you go to the wine store they usually don 't put all the wines in the referidgerator .  mmm , no , a little bit colder than that i think .  i mean , some of these  ..like , how , what 's the temperature in your room you  know ?  at least in the summer , it'll be less than 70 right ?  really ?  really ?  yeah .  i just thought ..if it 's still hot in the floor .  well , people don 't spend hours and hours there , right ?  i 'm thinking 65 actually .  you know , people from outside , they drive from outside or they walk and take metro and they come hereand you know , they expect it to be cool and they want to cool down a little bit right well , first of all you can wear a warm coat anyways , so you know ?  i'll settle with 67 .  okay , i'll give in a little bit .  i'll give you 69 degree .  i mean , it 's not all that different from 70 anyway .  okay , we're almost done , on the last one .  grand opening date , what do you think ?  november ?  that 's late!why ?  ...   ...   .  if we open in , say in may , how many months you have ?  at least like , 6 , 7 , months ?  8 months ?  right ?  that 's enough for you to buy groceries right ?  yeah , i need a little bit time toobecause i need to buy wine and everything .  yeah , i mean .that 's a whole year to buy things .  the early the earlier the now it 's fall the earlier the more you make money , the better right ?  summer , people buy things too and because breakfast people buy everyday .  yeah  but .coffee beans , and those  cold drinks , they make a lot of moneyand people buy them in the summer and there 's lot of kids yeah , that 's enough , like september , no , it 's still too late .  because i want to , actually , actually i want to sell wine in the summer , summerand people buy more wine why ?  yeah , in the summer , like but , okay .  how about little bit , i give in a little bithow about june ?  yeah .  that'll give you enough time to buy food and okay , what 's your best time ?  mmm no .  no , you need to give up a little bit .  but july is july , you will , why not ?  i mean , kids are in school in july and you know , and i guess high school 's started right ?  okay .  you think it 's locked or ?  if we start in august , i don 't have businessand people don 't buy liquor in the winter , they don 't buy wine no , but wine and some chillers , like , you want the flavored beers and people i sell alcohol , beer in summer but not in winter , so , i mean but august i only have few days of summerand you know i'll .  yeah , but still , yeah , in august school has started and everythingand you know my , my , most of my customers are students .  they are in college , students .  40 years old ?  why not , i buy wine!well , they buy beer , and .  i try .  okay , let 's see .  i mean , i can 't give in on this issue , this is really important for me .  i have to open in the summerand i already gave up 2 monthsand i can 't make any more money in august .  okay , thank you .  it was a pleasure doing business with you .  so should we start , like from the first item ?  yes , you're from the grocery .  okay .  we usually open from 11 in the morning and open until 11 in the night .  you know , people buy liquor and wines in night .  so we open open late and close late .  okay , so you want have the hours of operation from 7:30 to 7:30 ?  well , hmm .  that 's difficult for me , you knowcause after 7 if we close at 7:30 , we lose a lot of customers .  so i 'm thinking about yeah , and i , i , i agree that you said after 10 i get no customersbut i still think i would like to have 9:30 to 9:30cause i 'm thinking that since we're sharing the space , we're sharing the same group of customers .  the customers who drink wine and liquor in the night might not get up early in the morning , so they might like grocery hours to also be also later open and late close .  yeah , but location is also the thing i am thinking about , especially because we are located at dupont circle .  i once worked there for a couple of months and i feel it 's extremely helpful if i can buy something after 7 or 8 in that area .  so i still thinking , love to have the 9:30 to 9:30 .  right , right .  that 's fair , that 's fair now .  yeah , that 's great , 8:30 to 8:30 .  so we can move to the next point .  renovation costs .  mmmhmm , that 's reasonable .  i totally understand your situationbut i i need to tell you what i am thinking on this issue , because we are located in the neighborhood of dupont circle , our customers will be high class , the rich people .  so i guess the ...  customers about the good looking of the grocery store and since we're sharing customer group .  i mean , i believe we will share a lot of customers in the future .  so i do believe that a good looking environment is critical to my storeso i would like to go 30 , 000 for the renovation costs .  i would like to spend most of this money on the exterior looking .  i would like to have a good looking to attract the people walking around so they'll choose our store instead of other places at their first glance of our store .  so that 's my thinking but we can discuss about this since this is our shared space , so i wanna and for this , i am thinking about the longterm benefits of decorating the store .  if we buy better quality decorations , we can stand for longer times , that 's better for us to save money in the future with thinking about using more money now to save for the future .  that 's true , that 's true , and i agree .  i need time to wait for the grand opening , okay .  so how about we go for the 20 , 000 is that okay for you ?  yeah , cause there 's so many liquor and grocery stores nearby we have to have something outstanding and by their first glance they don 't know the quality of the goods inside .  they're pretty much attracted by the outside looking , thinking about that .  well for now , yeah , i guess i could go a little earlier on the renovation costs .  so i can compensate this by bringing more from my old store cause i think for the next two items , i need more of your support .  so yeah , i agree to 15 , 000 for the final .  okay .  floor space , i would like to have 40% .  how do you think ?  yeah .  i 'm not sure either , until i do the research on the rent .  thank you .  well , you know , this is the key thing for us , for the liquor and wine cause that 's the thing that 's most important for us to keep the quality of the wine , liquorso i will like to have the 65 degree as our room temperature .  well we have referidgeration units but not all our liquor and wine will in the referidgerator .  we still have a lot of stuff outside the referdigerator unit so the temperature is the key for us .  well i guess 65 degrees is the line , i cannot go beyond that .  no , this is the one i really need your support because that 's the key for us .  yeah , i know that , i understand thatbut i think for you for the goods in the grocery store , you also need lower temperature to keep them fresh .  it 's really expenditure on the .yeah , i know that but think about but we still have lots of things that cannot go into the referidgerator units .  we have to keep the room temperature .  i consulted with the expertise in wine liquor and they said this is critical .  but that would cost me another big amount of money and i am thinking that okay , that sounds like a good idea but it 's still not as good to me as the 65 degrees .  how about this ?  since we have one item left , the grand opening date , i guess we have disagreement on that , so maybe we can you know , arrange these two items .  yeah , can i go for the 65 degrees as temperature and you do whatever grand opening date you want ?  yeah but think about the renovation cost .  you saved how much ?  yeah but i 'm going down from 30 , 000 to 15 , 000 and i 'm supporting you .  well we don 't need the exact amount of money we need for the air conditioning .  okay , let me see what is your grand opening date ?  okay , then let 's do august 1st , 67 yeah , how about that ?  yeah , i do actually use the summer time in august , the last month of summer .  yeah , the back to school days is good thing for us .  okay , i think we're done .  good , good!look forward to working together should i alright .  um , let 's see .  so apparently i 'm dealing with the wine shop here and you got the grocery store .  um , let 's see .  so let 's discuss hours of operation , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , and grand opening .  that , i presume , those are the exact same concerns you are dealing with .  okay , i presume , like you want to , you prefer to have a later date ?  well , okay .  well , we can start with that , like , what do you think of a july 1st date maybe like ?  how oh really ?  so , like , well so much for may 1st .  hmm .  okay ..it 's going to kill you .  alright , well , there 's some difference between your concerns .  what about in terms of floor space ?  like you're right that having a smaller floor space is good for me .  i assume that having a grocery store , you need to have a little more space .  okay , well , what would you think of , like 60/40 arrangement where you get 60% and i get 40% ?  cause i do , like i will need , maybe i know it 's smaller than a grocery store but i will need some room to be able to have all supplies that i do have .  yeah , you'll get 60% and i will get 40% .  i think that , that 'd probably be okay , yeah .  so i guess that means we have two of them done .  like so we agree , like , i get 40% of floor space and you get the september grand opening date ?  alright .  okay .  so , i 'm guessing that another bone of contention is probably going to be the temperature .  i don 't know for me like you know , i have a lot of wine , like i gotta have like a lower temperature there .  however much i might try to make an argument for there being a like , you know , cooler temperature which is good for produce as well , i 'm assuming that you know , such arguments don 't work when you have right in front of you the amount that you so is , for temperature then , like what would you see as a good outcome for that for you ?  like what sort of temperature do you want ?  well , let 's see , of the remaining three , which one is most critical to you ?  okay .  how do you feel about renovation costs ?  okay .  um , alright .  so alright .  so how are we going to do that .  i think that would kill me .  it 's essentially a liquor store , so the evening business is the biggest part for me .  like , so the later it 's going to be the better of like , it 's hours of operation is a little more important to me than temperature as well .  like , i 'd rather have a little bit later than i would of the temperature .  is renovation cost a pretty major concern for you as well ?  really ?  cause that has a pretty major thing for mebecause apparently , i , from what i read in my packet , i hate the floor space , like i have the way it looksand i want to renovate it quite a bit .  i would like to spend quite a bit on that .  right , okay so alright .  i probably would have gone , hours of operation 9:30 to 9:30 , renovation costs , like closer to 25 , and then temperature like 67 .  yeah , like , so i think both of us gave a little bit on ideally if i got , if i got whatever i wanted , i would want to get 10:30 to 10:30 , 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , and if i understand the way in which this is set up , you want the exact opposite .  right .  let 's put it this way .  it 's better for me to have a higher renovation cost than it is for hours of operation or temperature .  like i would rather spend the maximum on renovation cost and give a bit on both of those .  okay .  let 's see what about like the same thing but 8:30 to 8:30 on hours of operation , if you could push okay , okay .  let 's see then , so you're saying 73 .  cause i mean like going all the way on temeperature does make me lose it 's not a significant concern .  let 's see how does that work out ?  this actually makes me feel like a business man , crunching numbers .  hmm .  i mean , hmm .  what if we , what if i gave you back the full temperature and we agree to open at 8:30 ?  hours of operation makes more difference to me than temperature .  i guess we're done .  deal!deal!okay .  nice to meet you .  uhhuh , the same ones .  okay , that one 's pretty important to me , i want to be open from 10:30 am to 10:30pm .  i see , we have a four hour gap there .  do we want to go on and talk about the others and see how far apart our interests are or go one by one ?  well , i could see it going earlier to say , 9:30 to 9:30pm , because other liquor stores , they tend to be open pretty late at night so we don 't want to be , to close too early because that 's when people tend to go buy .  i think that is important , yes .  i think that the problem is that if it closes at 7:30 , then that means it 's going to be missing all the people who would be tending to go out in the evenings .  so okay .  that 's true but the problem is that a lot of people , just before they go to a party , they go in and they buy wine and they go the party might have started .  that does happen sometimes , yeah .  i 'm just pretty sure that liquor stores in general tend to operate pretty late and i think it 's to catch the crowds that go get liquor late for parties and that sort of thing so it 's hard .  well i'll be willing to compromise to 8:30 to 8:30 .  okay , the renovation cost .  i care a lot about this particular issue .  i want to spend as much as possible in renovationbecause in the dupont circle area , we care a lot about image .  well , i just want it to be as high as possible .  as high as possible , so 30 , 000 would be ideal .  so , it just might be a needless expense .  it depends on how many people it'll attract and i am predicting it will attract many .  so do you want to spend 10 , 000 on that or ?  well which amount would you prefer ?  i mean , if you could .  if you could have anything you want .  okay , well i 'd go down to 25 , 000 ?  still , i 'm of the opinion that the clientele , particularly in the dupont circle area are really sort of the richer trendier types , and it means a lot to them that the store looks nice on the outside and at the very least , it'll start attracting customers into the store at the very beginning when it opens , so darn it .  um , okay .  well this is a very important issue for both of us so i don 't know .  i would have to suggest again to compromise and do the middle road which would be 20 , 000 .  okay .  we're not a very happy couple of stores .  okay .  i agree that groceries take up more space and i don 't need so much space .  i think my ideal amount would be 40% .  yours , you said 60 ?  okay , um let 's see .  60 or 70 .  would you prefer 70 to 60 or. .  because i prefer 40% .  that 's a good one! i 'm shocked!well unfortunately , my wine 's best stored at lower temperatures , so i prefer 65 degrees .  that 's quite a range .  yeah , some of them are stored in the fridge .  yeah , i think that they they need to have , to be generally be stored at lower temperatures so that the to perserve the taste or something like that .  so i wouldn 't want to be putting all of them in the fridge if i can help itbecause that would be a big expense .  all i really need to do is to be about 65 degrees and that would be the ideal .  it 's a big culprit .  it wouldn 't be such a bad thing in the winter , just in the summer .  hmm .  so , we are once again , polarized here .  to save time , i will go for the middle ground again .  uhhuh .  i think my wines won 't spoil there .  well , i 'm all pretty much ready to go .  i have everything in storage , i have my people trained i guess , and i 'm ready to go as soon as possible .  ahh , they must have transferred from another store .  yeah , so i prefer to the earliest date .  i think time to trian your employees but still in the meanwhile , i 'm going to be waiting a month for , i have all my things ready and i 'm ready to start making money so i 'm not willing to go too far in this .  so maybe june 1st ?  okay , well , hmm .  i already have some people who have been trained .  true , they are wine experts but still , they can move between stores if necessary .  they certainly have time , extra time to prepare for it because they won 't be working in the month , well they would be if i was giving them extra training essentially .  they need a little time .  they would have the month between may 1st and june 1st and that would be probably enough to get used to the grocery store instead of the wine store .  okay .  nice to meet you! , my name is junnan .  , yeah .  yeah , i 'm the manager of the ye old wine shop , and you are the manager ?  , and i have a question for you .  what will you sell in your shop ?  , wine , yeah , the , most of them wine .  , wine , pizza , hot dogs  , yeah , maybe a little salad ?  , yeah , okay , that 's nice .  , we have five issues ?  , of course , hours of operation .  , yeah , because , yeah i think then you will close as early as possible and  , yeah , i can stay and pay the last few hours myself .  , so renovation costs ?  , i think it 's also good for you to have a good environment .  , so , um , what 's how many dollars , how much dollars ?  , yeah , i want to spend as much as possible .  , i want to spend 25 , 000 .  yeah .  in the middle ?  , yeah , yeah , yeah .  , i know that because you know , the temperature from morning to the afternoon you know ?  , yeah yeah , maybe i can give some degrees to you .  , okay , okay , i will mmm .so i will give up 2 degrees if you can give me renovation costs to 25 , 000 .  , okay .  i agree to give up 3 degrees to win the 25 , 000 .  , yeah , it 's really important .  , so what , what 's the definitely important issue to you , except the temperature ?  , opening date , okay .  , yeah , yeah , yeah .  , my god , so late! , but you know , when you do the training , the best training is on the real job .  , so , but this is , this is a condition to win the $25 , 000 .  , yeah , august 1st and temperature and the 69 degrees together , i mean .  , but i have already give up august 1st , you know .  , yeah , no no no no no .  , no , that 's the worst , worst date i can give you .  , yeah , it 's also very important .  , yeah , i mean , temperature and grand opening date .  , yeah , of course , i prefer 65 .  , okay , let me ask you a question .  , what 's your most important you think , among the five issues .  , so , i have given up two most important issues for you .  , yeah , now i have a idea that so we have settled down renovation and temperature right ?  , i mean , the second important issue to you and second important issue to me together .  , so hours of operation is your second important ?  , okay , we can start with the hours , that 's fine .  well , people normally buy alcohol later in the evening right , and not at 6:30 in the morning .  usually it 's coffee at 6:30 in the morning .  oh , you sell breakfast ?  right , right .  and most alcohol is not consumed until , well , it depends where you are , but usually , it 's a little later in the evening .  i prefer i mean , i see your point with wanting to open , open early .  but , i mean , of course i prefer to stay open until 9:30 , probably .  and you already have well , right , yeah .  well if those are the only two options , i 'd definitely lean more towards the 8:30 option .  okay .  i would go with probably about twice that , if not a little bit more .  i think we're gonna to make the store look better for both of us , takes investing a little bit more money to begin with .  it'll help us attract more customers if the store looks you know , a certain way .  that if we invest a little more money , of course we both have inputs in what we want to be renovated .  i think we could have , get more customers if it looks much nicer .  i mean if we get more , well it 's important for , for food too .  if people need gourmet food shop and it looks pretty right , well , you're going to make it back .  the floor space i would prefer with the amount of inventory i have , probably about 40% .  would that work for you ?  well we came to an agreement on that!like , certain wines , i need it to be a certain temperature .  obviously , i 'm not going to have a referidgerator and for a lot of grocery stores in general are pretty chilly , so i would go pretty much colder the better .  i know that 's going to increase on air conditioning costs but you also have referidgerated items too that would make your referidgerator work not quite as hard if your air condtioner is up a little bit higher .  it would be yeah , quite a bit lower .  i 'd probably be happy with 67 degrees that 's 6 degrees cooler .  i think it would make , it 'd make your , you're going to have some referidgerated items and you'll probably have some cheese or produce or something like that but that need to be kept colder .  i would think that the cost on maintaining your referidgerators would be lower if the ambient temperature in the building is lower .  well , obviously the earlier the betterbecause the sooner you can get people in your store , the more money you're going to make in the long run .  right , right .  it would be nice knowing exactly what today is .  you know in september , if that 's where we are really , and we have until may , cause i would think that between september and may , you can get stuff from other countries , so i guess a lot has to do with on what we assume today is .  i mean , if we assume today is you know , february 1st , then i would understand that may 1st would not work .  i mean , that would make sense to me but i would guess that we're supposed to be at today , because if september 1st would give an entire year .  i mean , that would be , that would be a guess , i 'm not sure .  well , i know , but then , we 'd like to know .  so may 1st .  well , the thing is i see is that the sooner you open the more money you're going to make because that 's 30 days of income .  well i mean , i can be a little flexible on that , it doesn 't have to be may 1st .  i 'd still , i 'd still like maybe juneor july .  that 's too far .  well i tell you what .  if you let me keep the store at 67 degrees , i'll open on august 1st .  is that going to work ?  i still got to be really early .  i i 'd probably can do 8:30 .  or , we can go okay let 's do this: 8:30 , $25 , 000 in renovation costs , 67 degrees and september 1stif that 's the most if that 's a very critical thing for you .  so you think you can do that ?  so that would be september 1st , 67 degrees , 25 , and 8:30 .  i 'd still really like it to be earlier but alright!that didn 't take very long!let 's see we're 10 minutes early!it was very nice doing business with you .  wow , if we can agree on this , i think we're going to work pretty well together!yeah .  alright , i guess we need to tell lynn .  okay , nice to meet you .  let 's get to the business .  the first one is hours right ?  what 's your proposal ?  are you kidding me ?  6:30 ?  who get up this early to buy grocery ?  if you , i mean , if you think about , think about this for yourself , you are , you are late right , because you can 't , you can 't get up early .  that 's what usual people do .  it 's , it 's not reasonable to open at 6:30 , i can 't do that .  okay i propose after 9 ?  because i want to close after 9because you know , some people get back from work late at night and they want to buy some food , buy some liquor .  if , if you think of my business especially for , for the alcohol people won 't , won 't buy them in the day time .  they usually , you know , have party at night .  okay , okay .  okay , so we settled on with this one or we just .  okay , let 's go through all the , all the items first then we can maybe trade something for something else .  okay .  renovation how much do you think we should spend ?  15 , 000 .  okay , i think the speed of the money should be depend on the space that each of us occupyis that correct ?  see if the total is certain money then if i occupy half of the space then i should share half of the cost .  is that far is that fair for you ?  yeah , total cost .  also , i 'm combining the floor space in the consideration because that way we'll determine the final cost for each of us right ?  i would like to take 40% of the space .  no , no no .  i mean , i actually combined them together .  if i take 40% then i can accept anything above 20 , 000 .  okay , so how about this ?  no , no , it 's not really correct .  let me think of let me calculate .  how about this ?  i'll take 60% of the space but i want the total cost to be 30 , 000 .  that will be only nine , 9000 for you , if you calculate it , because your share is 30%yeah , total cost should be shared by each of us , yeah .  i mean , the total cost is this amount .  you're looking to minimize your cost right ?  no , no , no .  it 's not for both of usyeah , it 's for both of us .  yeah .  no , no , no no .  let me review the options because my understanding is that the total cost for that 's for the total store right ?  we share the store .  okay , so we share the cost , right ?  it can 't be lower .  okay , you take 70% of the space but i want to do 25 , 000 .  okay , that 's 30% for me right , okay .  70% for you , right ?  yeah , and 30% for me .  okay .  temperature .  i can 't sell liquor in this , liquor in this temperature you know ?  i got to save them in the cold environment .  let 's say 67 .  67 is very comfortable you know ?  do you feel this way ?  okay , we'll leave this leave this alone and grand opening date okay , i understandbut i think we can , like , you can just buy some necessary stuff and we can just open and you continue to buy your stuff and complete it .  so i 'm looking at june the 1st opening .  no .  no .  no .  i'll stay with 67 if we can open at july .  yeah , also just think of my argument before about the temperature .  that 's the temperature for the whole year .  i can delay the opening buti can 't increase the temperature .  67 is the lowest .  actually , 65 is the optimal one for me but i would like to august ?  okay , okay!that 's fine .  let 'd do this , august and 65 , is fine for me .  is that fine for you , are you sure ?  okay , okay .  let 's , let 's review the items .  the hours of operation is from 9:30 to 9:30 , right ?  the floor space would be 70% for you and 30% for me , temperature is 65 , opening date august , is that correct ?  okay , go back to the hours .  oh , 9:30 to 9 it 's pretty reasonable if you think of the way of daily life .  what time do you get up ?  what time you go to work ?  but they also will buy these in the evening in the late night .  yeah , 8:30 is too early for me .  also for people who want to drink , drink something or eat something at night , your store is going to closed at 8:30 .  the night life just begins after 9 .  okay , tell me .  i'll give you 8:30 if we increase the renovation cost .  yeah , 30 , 000 .  okay .  let 's review again .  august 1st .  hi .  nice to meet you .  yeah , same thing .  i think it 's a good idea to share the you know , the grocery store and the wine store in the same room , and share the space and things .  yeah , exactly .  by the way , what you said attract people , by walk or by car , what do you think is the most importance ?  for my opening , renovation is probably the you know , the very big concern for us , how to attract people .  so do you have any idea , you know , trying to i think since you know , we're wine , kind of market is present some highlevel .  i think what we put together should give people the passion you know , you provide very high quality foods and grocery .  i think every people want to see that immediately , even when they only buy wine , they immediately thought okay , next store or next space , the grocery is going to be the wonderful .  i don 't need to go somewhere else to get fresh food , groceries , so i think for  the renovation , i have idea , if you look for the longrun , definitely we're going to get back the money .  so i don 't want you know , cost money on this , try to you know , give some people bad impression because partially you know , have two things together , like the cost things together .  so i 'm thinking i 'm not lenient on renovationbut i agree with you , you want to spend a lot of money on the food , preparing things , but i think we have to find some way so we you know , both going to be satisfied .  yeah , i think i agree with you .  60% , i think that 's , that 's kind of reasonable , because grocery store , you need so many , you know , different goods and you have to divide .  i agree with you on that , no problem .  renovation , i think i can take that 's only my present opening , i take the 30k , cause i think that 's you know the dupont circle , and with the you know , beautiful buildings there , we have to be like unique , and also we have to want people you know , to . .  , as long as they past d.c .  around dupont circle , they immediately point , okay , that 's where we want to go .  so i 'm not sure you know , if you want to chip in ?  okay , that 's great .  yeah , exactly .  so we can yeah , both discuss our other issues .  have you thought about , that , things from september it 's too long , can we do like , you know , partially ?  so you still bring food in but we open earlier like the grand open i know for my experience from the wine , you know , but i also have some experience grocery store .  so sometime they do , like you know , you have the 60% of space so you probably focus on like 30% renovation of the outside done .  inside you already have 30% done , you put the food because you take time from outstate to here , and wine is set up and then we can grand open that , then we think the otherways , we can have some like , just , simple decoration and some food not for sale but for display .  give some people passion , this you know , store already started and attract the people to come .  when they come , they're going to have some more interest and we can talk to them and can probably bring much difference for them , so that 's what i 'm thinking .  for grand the like , grand open , i agree with you , you need time , that 's the renovation and order the stuffbut my thinking is you also have to meet with customers .  so if we attract some people to come here and after we asked for some feedback and and if they have some expectation we didn 't provide , then in like the another 30% of space or like 10% of space , we can put something they want .  so maybe that 's good .  yeah .  yeah , i think opening time , yes , let me think about that because for you know , probably it 's too easy for me because wine store and the wine setup is much easier than you , yeah .  i need to think about that so yeah .  yeah .  how about the , the most concern of the two things is operating hours and temperature .  that 's two i want to brought up because i have some grocery store experience .  you and the people you know , not go early to the shopping but after work , they're going to shop late , shopping later .  so that 's why i want to brought up some like operation hours things .  i 'm not sure , do you have any idea what you can do for hours ?  yeah .  i think that one is just opposite of we , what i 'd thought , i 'd mentioned before .  see that 's yeah , but think about the like the traffic and instead of the dinner , some of the customers are going to go after work and come back to buy wine , just to buy wine .  i think 7:30 from 7:30 to 7:30 is still like a little bit earlier than what i thought , so and also the rational thing i 'm not sure because you have experience in the grocery , i 'm not quite but from my personal experience , i don 't think much crowded you know during that 12 hours , for example , 7 , 7:30 .  even if people are going to come like around , after work , if they're going to show up after work , around like , this , this portion of people around like 6:30 .  so if you only let them 1 hour to show up in probably you know , restrict that the yeah , yeah , that 's also true .  i 'm thinking yeah , you mentioned one like cause of concern , like instead of go to bar and just you know buy wines , that 's also my concern .  see if you want to go buy , you can stay until midnight .  so for customers to just drop buy and buy a bottle of wine , it 's very convenient way just to walk and probably they already have fun you know at bar but they will still not be enjoying due to the time , kind of late , so they you know just buy wine and enjoying at home , so that 's why i 'm most concerned if little bit late , it 's going to be very convenient to me .  i think we covered the four issues , even if we don 't have any agreement on the two .  what about the last one , the temperature ?  yeah , what do you think about the grocery store ?  5 minutes ?  okay , we know .  yeah , and so my experience is that it 's you know , very low temperature gonna keep my wines you know good , and also gonna have people refreshing when they come inso i propose the lowest possible for the grocery store , what do you think ?  yeah , 65 degreesyeah , exactly .  i can you know , i agree with you hours of operation but i still think our i know you want to grab like some people from the work , before the work , how about let 's make that i think 7:30 is still too early .  so i give you , give me one hour i mean before that , i mean after that so i still can attract some people who want dinner so that 's 8:30 so that would be my last choice on hours of operation .  for the , i 'm not sure for the temperature i can , like you said , you already have some back out for the referidgerator or something so i can raise to like 2 degrees to 67 .  i 'm not sure if that 's okay with you or not .  yeah , yeah , i can agree with you since the yeah .  cause open time going to be you know , yeah , yeah , then we can award at least one month summer , okay .  for you , yeah .  mmmhmm .  okay , let me see .  i think that 's reasonable , yeah .  i agree with that .  okay , thanks .  we have finished .  i 'm dan .  hey a.j .  , how'z it going ?  international business and marketing .  nice .  so , start out yeah let 's go down line is there a personal hours of operation ?  alright , what 's your suggestion for operation time ?  why is that ?  okay , well 10:30 to well , how much is a cup of coffee , and how much do you how much are you i mean , guessing wisely , how much do you guys think that you'll sell i mean , just average grocery store , coffee .  i mean , you're looking at what , like 3 quarters and possibly like a dollar a coffee ?  i disagree with you .  i don 't think there 's much business between the hours of 8:30 , i mean 6:30 , if you went at 6:30 time or 8:30 time , you'll have about three hours in between that you'll have noth no business because basically if you are willing to get that coffee market you won 't open for that extra three hours between 8 let 's see have an half an hour of coffe hour where people will come in for coffee but from 9 to all the way up to like 12 o'clock , you won 't have any business with people not shopping at time .  i mean , best shopping hours are you know 30 , 000.0010 , 000 ?  why is it 10 , 000 , you realize that your store is called upper crust right grocery store ?  what does that mean to you ?  cause to me , that means that it has to be very high class , very above average dcor , very above average feautures and structures .  we have to stand out from giant , and shoppers and whole foods , and to do so , i don 't see how we can do that with $10 , 000 .  floor space , i only need 40% .  yes .  40% .  yeah that works out , okay .  so then i'll take 40% .  temperature of the store , as you know , wine needs to stay chilled so as cool as it can bei would say 65 ?  does your food stay very warm ?  early as possiblebecause i have most stuff ready .  when 's the earliest you want to open ?  before july 1st ?  well if we open later , will you be willing to do make more renovations ?  you 'd be able to make more renovations ?  okay , how about 30 , 000 and august 1st , because you'll have all your stuff by july , how about august 1st ?  i mean , because , your key factor is that you won 't have your stuff by july right ?  you 'd be in bad shape if we opened before july right ?  grocery , mmhmm .  well then why don 't we pin julybecause we both want to open as soon as possible to make money .  your only issue is that you don 't have your products yet .  like if you can get your products by july , let 's set that as the opening datebecause we both want to start making money .  i'll like to open in may , and understand that you will be hindering my productivity for about 2 months here because you don 't have your products .  i 'm ready to go as of today , as of may 1st , so if you want to go up to 30 , let 's do 30 and july 1stor august 1st .  well i 'm not going to open that late .  i think i want to do , i mean most important issue to me ?  probably most important to me would be renovation cost , becausse i want it to be as pristine as possible .  well let 's just see if we can alright .  yes .  wait , but i don 't know .  how about this ?  i will give you , i'll give you up to 69 degrees if you are willing to do to august 1st .  but we're not talking about that , that 's not what i  i mean , negotiation wise , if there 's no reason to why you can 't open by july , then why would we not open by july , it would benefit both of us .  regardless of the rest of it i don 't see why you can 't open in july or august .  , grocery , no , well i 'm just saying i don 't know , what 's going if the most important thing for me is opening date .  if i get the opening date of september 1st , i can it doesn 't matter to me if we go down to 65 degreesor if we take the renovation down to , up to $30 , 000 .  , .  that 's just will we be open , will you be able to open at 10:30 ?  right .  i'll do september 1st only if you give me 10:30 and 65 degrees .  if i give you september 1st , what i want from you is 10:30 , 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , maybe 67 degrees .  september 1st , if you're willing to take your max hours to 9:30 in the morning , 9:30 to 9:30 , i'll be willing to do september 1st , 9:30 to 9:30 , $30 , 000 and 65 degrees .  alright , 30 , 000 , 65 degrees , september 1st let me see this .  and i'll be willing to open from 9:30 to 9:30 .  no , i couldn 't do it .  no , i wouldn 't do it .  okay , let 's just talk about these two thing first so right now well , that 's not , that 's not the point of the exercise .  well , i mean that 's not the point of the exercise , that 's not what she 's studying .  she 's studying how we 'd negotiate outside the point system .  see what i 'm saying ?  so i 'm giving you your september 1st if you give me 30 , 000 and 65 degrees which we previously agreed upon .  now we only have argue hours of operation .  that 's what we figured out earlier .  all we need to figure out is hours of operation now .  that 's what you said earlier .  previously in our conversation you said i'll you'll give me 65 degrees and 30 , 000 if you get september 1st which i agreed upon .  you definitely said that .  that 's not reasonable .  i 'm not willing to opn in 6:30 in the morning , definitely not .  you see , that doesn 't work because obviously this is not realistic .  it doesn 't work that we can be both happy .  if i give you two and you give me two , one of the two could not match , see what i 'm saying ?  so your most important is grand opening date right ?  i gave it to you .  i'll give you september 1st .  well i mean , my second best thing is pretty much your second best thing .  so , how about this ?  i'll give you your best and you give me mine , how about that , that 's first , first thing we're going to do , okay ?  september 1st and 30 , 000 , is that okay ?  so now , you give me 65 degrees and theoretically you want 6:30 right ?  what if we pushed it back one hour ?  if we pushed it back , i'll give you two degrees , how about that ?  i'll push it to 67 if you want to do the 7:30 .  yeah , sure whatever .  you want to do it ?  alright , that 's fine .  we'll do that .  67 yeah .  hey .  alright , we have to agree on hours of operation , and what , what do you want ?  like my hours , my ideal hours would be 10:30 to 10:30 .  mmmhmm .  okay .  alright , so renovation costs .  i want to spend a lot of money , like $30 , 000 , because that 's like , you know , really important for the people to think it looks nice .  you know , like , you wouldn 't want to shop somewhere where you didn 't think it looked nice , so what do you think ?  oh no , just go ahead .  yeah .  well we need it to be ready for business .  well , let 's talk about the rest of them to see what 's the most important thing to you .  well how much , what what deg , how , like what do you want the temperature to be and floor space .  what 's the best for those ?  grocery , for the floor space ?  i 'm thinking about like 60% of it .  so you want 60% ?  okay , you want , i want like 40% so we could just do that .  i'll take the 40 .  what do you think for temperature ?  i need it to be sort of cold for my liquor , for my alcohol .  that 's pretty important for me , so if i , if i went with 67 degrees , maybe we could spend less on the , on the renovation cost ?  cause that 's better for you .  the best for me would be may 1stcause i 'd like to start you know , selling things as soon as possibleand i think that 's enough time to get everything done that we need to .  okay , so let 's see .  so if we like , if we open on july 1st or if we open on august 1st , then can we keep it at 67 degrees ?  we can meet in the middle , we can meet at 20 , 000because i think that'll be fair .  it'll still look nice but it , we won 't spend too much money on so you can use it for your groceries .  yeah , that sounds good .  let 's see , alright , so we yeah .  yeah .  alright .  so should we run through we each want first ?  yeah , okay .  so for me , my my first choice on these would be hours of operation from 10:30 am to 6:30pm , or , sorry , 10:30 to 10:30renovation $30 , 000floor space 40% for me yes .  temperature 65 degreesand grand opening of may 1st .  so yours are so your hours are from 6:30 ?  okay .  and so for floor space , you said 50 , so you want okay , but did you want more than half ?  okay , so 60% for yourself ?  okay , and i prefer 40% for me , so grocery , we can go , we can agree .  that makes one easy!yes .  okay .  that 's , the date to me is the least important of the other four categories .  if you i prefer not to .  well , i mean , i 'd be happy to to give you september 1st in exchange for some of the other things .  renovation for me is the most important .  i prefer $30 , 000 .  i prefer not to go below 20 , 000 .  hmm , that 's no , that doesn 't work for me .  at what level ?  let 's see , and you would want what , 6:30am and september 1st ?  okay .  if i give you september 1st , could you go to 25 , 000 on the renovation costs ?  yeah , that doesn 't really help me very much .  that 's also a i mean it 's 20 , 000 .  i mean it 's , temperature is , moderately important .  renovation is my most important then hours of operation .  if you go 25 , 000 , and then what , so then september 1st , hours of operation is 6:30 see i , my wine stock has to stay cool soi need it to be , the cooler the better .  yeah , i can see that .  okay if we go with 69 degrees and 25 , 000 on renovation costs is that good ?  okay!69 degrees .  yes .  okay , we're done!i don 't know if we're supposed to talk about it or just give it to her .  okay .  what do you mean ?  like from um the  renovation costsyeauh huhum roughly around um 25thousand .  or 20 to 25grocery , 20 to 25 ?  yeaoh..um yea like grand opening .  um lets see .  then i guess will would august work for you by any chance ?  ok then well we can just sort of 20 thousand and september 1st for nowand then just look over the other options like the other factors .  um hoursso what do you think ?  well they could .  i mean the thing is it 's a local grocery store so you don 't expect people to travel all the way from like an hour to get to here .  um hmm i 'd be willing to settle with you on 7:30 if you're willing to go over to 25 on the cost .  another 5 thousand .  ok sure .  ok there 's no room for pushing up to august ?  uhuh30%what ?  40% for me ?  yea that works , great!so we agree on the floor space ?  and thei find foods take longer when they're lower. .  that 's weird .  let me see 69 work for you ?  how about 7:30 , 7:30 , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september .  mmhmm .  let me see. .  lets see .hold on .  anything else that you wanna see if it works out or ?  65 actually butthat 's let me see .  nohow cold do you want to go andum impossible .  yup i agree .  i 'm   . .  nice to meet you .  yea well we have start recording .  so why don 't we start on the hours of operation ?  ok so let 's startyea , ok because i 'm a wine store so i think maybe we should have operation hours later in the dayand so that many people can come .can come to us .  so what do you think ?  oh 6:30 will be quite early .  i 'm thinking of 10:30 .  actually 10:30 at the night you know .  because for the wine store people will ...   after they're working they will come to the store to buy wine at that hour .  9 o' clock right ?  people are always go to work at 9 o clock .  from 9 to 5 ?  lunch time!i don 't think will be good for them you know .  if their employer finding out they'll get fired .  i think people , now they , now they eat their breakfast later .  maybe just they take their , take their breakfast to their work maybe in the week i just store ok so then we can i can  how about 8:30 ?  will that be ok ?  ok sure , so we are doing 8:30 up until 8:30pm .  ok soi think its very important for the store appearance .  yea , for then coustomer can check the store and come into my store .  oh industrial look ?  oh so , you don 't think maybe your main customer would be attracted , maybe not youngster not those college student or old people stuff. .  yea those do you think if we , if we spend a few more on the renovation costs that for the hip people we can we can appeal .  yea i can go by  .    25 thousand would be too much for you ?  ok .  ok .  ok sure we can agree on that .  so 25 thousand is good for you ?  okyea we can do that .  then we can move on to floor space .  what do you think ?  ok so you need how about 60% for you ?  will it be good ?  how about 60% of floor space for you ?  ok its perfectbecause for wine space , we don 't need so much space .  temperature , you know for the what do you think ?  i think the ...   you have the grand opening date at aug 1 .  so we should have the temperature would be cooler temperature in summer time ?   ?  the temp will be cold ?  well , you know , mostly because people if people at home , they store their wine in the basement for the cooler temperature so that we can assu ...  assure the good quality .  so i 'm thinking we'll need to have a lower temperature , i mean , would be good for you and your customers .  like half of69 degrees ?  how about 67 ?  its just 2 degrees lower .  oh ok so yea i can go to 69 degrees .  yea groceries stores , shouldn 't be called wineactually i think its good thing .  if i want to look for not in the cabinet would be to temperature , to make the cool to make the wine cool you'll have to use some electricity .  yea yeano ?  ok 69 will be fine thenso we conclude that the hours of operation are 8:30 up to 8:30pm .  renovation costs would be 25 thousand .  floor space 40% for me and 60% for you .  temperature at 69 degrees and the grand opening date will be aug 1 .  so ok thank you .  nice working with younice meeting you!ok so i 'm excited to go into businessoh ok .  oh i ...  i 'm sorry i was talking about i was excited to start a business with you for sorry .  well there are a few things that i 'm still not certain about .  do you feel the same way ?  temperature ?  ok .  well for my products its best to have the building is as cool as possible .  it keeps the wine in its best state so .  but well we don 't want the people to be so cold they're uncomfortable in the storeso how does 67 sound to you ?  so do you think people might buy more if they're colder or ?  no ?  ok .  alright , so lets lets start with that for now .  how about the hours of operation ?  ok .  for me , most people ...  you know i sell wine and liquor  and people usually have those in the evening so if we close at 6:30pm i won 't get much business at all .  so i really need to have i really need to stay open as late as possible .  so 10:30 would be best for me .  okok so you don 't think that maybe people who have offices nearby might you know go to work and then someone out for coffee and breakfastso maybe you know then 9:30 would be ok ?  cause if people are getting to work at 9 o'clock and they go to get breakfast to get started 8:30 is better ?  ok .  how about if i agree to 8:30 and instead of 69 degrees we keep maybe at 67 degrees .  you think that 's ok ?  so we do 8:30 and 67 ?  ok .  oh ok so would it be possible to open the store with without some of the items from abroad ?  i mean cause if you have bread and milk and stuff also cold we open and just carry the bread and milk and then add the asian items once they arrive ?  ok .  i really need to start making money a little sooner than that .  so what about maybe august ?  august .  august is ok ?  well i think that since we're in an area like dupont circle , we really need to make sure that we look very nice .  ok because they're a lot of nice businesses in the area and as you said we want to be different so that people make sure to come to us .  so we if we leave the place the way its looking now i don 't think that its going to stand out and people are going to come .  so i really think we should try and spend at least 25 thousand dollars on renovation .  at least .  30 would be would be perfect .  but i could live with 25 .  ok so what did you have in mind spending to renovate. .  25 is ok ?  ok great .  thank you .  ok and so that just leaves the floor space .  60% ?  yea that sounds fine for to me .  40 is ...  is good for me .  yea so i will be happy if we do that .  ok so we agree on 40% .  ok so we have we're staying open from 8:30 to 8:30 .  spend 25 thousand dollars on renovations .  40% for me 60% for you .  67 degrees and we open in august .  that sound good ?  ok i guess we're all set then .  hii think hours is better .  cause like depends on the hours of operation that we're gonna get will also determine like grand opening date .  well actually , renovation will be fine too .  well also for the location too that it is a nice place .  you don 't wanna to look worse than the other places around you in order to in order to attract customers .  so i mean i think we should decorate as much as we can on the outside and also keep it clean and organized as possible on the inside .  so i 'm gonna stick with 30 thousand .  maybe 25 about ...  25 maybe ?  no .  we need to go to 25 .  cause it is  i mean at this moment it would be a lot of money to pay at once but    i 'm sure it 's gonna payoff in the long term .  cause it is a nice place , people are gonna come if it 's attractive .  more people will come by .  well renovation well thing is we don 't , we can 't well for the groceries we can out some fast foods but how're we gonna give out the wines you know ?  how about we come back to that one ?  cause i wanna stick with 25 .  things how about floor space then ?  because it 's the wine that we have and yours is groceries .  you probably need more space .  i don 't need that much space .  i want just 40% .  well the perfect degree for me would be 65because of some liquors ...  not for the wine but some liquors need to to be kept at a cold , low temperature to be good to be in good shape i guess .  could be is that ...  would that be to cold ?  how about 67 ?  69yea but the 4 degree could affect the wine .  that 's why i 'm concerning .  cause with your food some of them are will be in the refrigerator so it wouldn 't really effect the groceries .  i think 69 is ok .  how about the hours of operation ?  i think that'll would be too earlycause it is a alcohol nobody drinks alcohol around 6 o clock .  so best time for me would be 10:30 and close at 10:30 .  cause even myself have ...  i mean even if you go to the any liquor store if they close by 9 o clock no one is gonna come there , no one is gonna go there after work .  yea but i think 6:30 would be too early for us .  how about 9:30 ?  you mean the latest ?  8:30 yea. .  i think 8:30 if we close at 8:30 , i mean some people drink wine for the dinner but like we're not just selling the wine we're also selling liquors and stuff too .  people just passing by might just come stop by liquor or two .  9:30 will be fine .  how about this then ?  we'll open at 9:30 but push up the budget to 25 ?  i mean 8:30 .  ok , how about grand opening date ?  i want it to be early as possibleso that we can just go ahead , start the business and make more money .  so sometime in julyor june ?  i think that will be too late .  july , what about july ?  july will be too early for you ?  well keeping at 69 degrees wouldn 't be too much of air conditioning paying off .  what about july ?  july is not the hottest month .  august is the hottest month .  so..and its gonna  cool off bye end of august so i don 't think july is going to effect that much for the air conditioning .  especially if we're not keeping at the lowest , 65 .  we're keeping it at 69 right ?  so i don 't think cause as i keep saying the faster we open , its better for both of us to go ahead and start on our business .  but for august you know a lot of people go on vacations .  cause its summer .  so wouldn 't it be better to have more people come in on july , not augustyea so we should bring as much as customers as we can well that 's why i was thinking , may would be better .  like all those college students will come back from their home and want to shop too .  so i was thinking may .  well may is my best choice and that 's not gonna work .  maybe june june wouldn 't be too , it wouldn 't be too late either , i mean it wouldn 't be too early .  and august i think will be too late and most of the people will leave by that time .  and most of like students and overall .  and also a lot of people go on vacation for august .  and september everybody 's too busy for work to ...  yea but there 's holiday in july tooyea but the holidays not until like , november .  i don 't know , i think july .  because uh my first offer was may .  our first offer 's september .  we're right in the middle so we're opening at 8:30 , 25 , floor space 40..40 for me 60 for you .  temperature 69 , grand opening 's julyyea!hi nice to meet you .  just call me jking it good enough .  koreayea , how about you ?  only over 2 years , so still ...  i mean , my english is getting better but i 'm still uncomfortable you know .  electrical engineeringhere ?  in this dept ?  oh ...  ok well it sounds great that 's a good ideanice to meet youyour desire your expected things or.. ?  yea i mean it 's a good idea really , you know ?  yea , i love wine!i use it because i know its keeping just uh .  never mindbefore that , i just want to ask ...   what your , your pri ...  priority the item .  i mean , what 's most important factor in your decision ?  i mean among that ok .  ok , to me the most imp i think is renovation costs .  should be fancy you know .  so all the good display and yea , you know .  the customer , think the good display would be connected to the good quality of the wine soso i want to know it is uh most important to you .  frankly i , i want to investigate as much as possible , you know , in my amount .  just my desirability is 30 thousand so it thenit very important to..so. .  yea so ...  ok now i know at least what your , i mean your exportability of so how about the hours of operations its the most important thing right ?  the right kind ofopposite i mean groceries and liquors has different kinds of stuff .  i think , i think , i mean 9:30 's fine .  9:30 's fine but i , i don 't think any customer will be___ you know in the liquor store .  if , if it is , then he has some problems you know ?  and then we can check how it goes , you know .  i mean , frankly i don 't need the big space .  just 30 or 40 is also good .  how about you ?  do you need big space or ?  grocery , yea i would prefer more space .  you know , just having , you know , groceries , it takes more space .  and we can always integrate you , putting the wine , mixed in    a little more .  yea 60% of the space would be great with me .  so you 'd be happy with 40% ?  yeaokyea that 's my idea .  how about groceries ?  i mean , so  i mean , my preferred time , my preferred temperature , i mean its very subtle temperature for using the refrigerator you know .  just the 65 or little less 65 so , so just. .  and a lot for wines has same conditions , needs same conditions so so just to i agree maybe it could be maybe its ok to have to contain , i mean to , to keep the low mark condition for the customer rather than for the wine .  but not so high because the wine could be a little different or no i don 't think soi mean , just low temperature is better .  maybe 67 69 is ok or yea .  what about you ?  frankly i already have all , plenty of wine .  so i would prefer a little early opening .  because renovations doesn 't take long time maybe if we spend a little more money so ...  frankly i want a little earlier opening .  but you want a late opening right ?  july or aug ?  so how about stick. .  sofrankly i have more priority in renovations .  so how about spending 30 thousand but i can , i canyeasept 1st , not aug ?  ok..sept is ok .  and floor space is 60 and 40so. .  you said 8:30 is ok ?  or what did you say about the hours of a little earlier ?  yea , i prefer 9:30but just the ...  how about just opinion to 8:30 is it ok ?  so , to me , the hours of operations is really important right ?  like the temperature .  they're similar to me but ...  i mean to you i mean , ok sorry .  i 'm getting confused .  yea but ...  a little similar butof course , hours of ops is more imp but a little similar butyea so how about just do , a little decrease temp and a little ..little ..open the store earlier ?  do you have many , many rules if we put the temperature at 65 ?  so you prefer the 7:30 and 67 degrees rather than 8:30 and 69 degrees ?  almost similar .  yea .  a little there is , there is 8:30 and 69 so almost similar to me so its not big deal .  okthat 's no big deal to memay be my shop , my shop would have a good theme , you know .  very early , very early close so ...  yea just the right people .  right people. .  dinner time so ok sounds great heyi 'm heather , nice to meet youso we're trying to put this , this restaurant , or i mean this wine store and grocery store together right ?  ok , so i think we have 5 different things. .  that we have to decide on .  renovation costs , and floor space , temperature and grand opening date .  are those the things that are kind of on your mind right now ?  ok that 's fine .  ok what times were you thinking ?  what did u have in mind ?  grocery , my ideal time would be from 6:30 to 6:30pm .  but , yea ...   the beginning time might be a little bit too early for you so ok yea .  that 's really early for me , especially since we're serving wine mostly .  the shop that we have elsewhere is , is open really late in the evening and we really don 't have a need , we don 't get very much traffic through early in the morning .  so if we don 't have lots of people yes .  yea , definitely .  i guess one thing that , that isn 't clear to me is whether or not our profits are going to be shared by the end of the day no ?  ok they're still going to be separate businesses do you think ?  ok surerightright , that 's not going to workok do you absolutely have to  let see that 's still really early for us .  it is , yea .  people , when people are getting off work and things , they want to stop off somewhere and grab a bottle of wine .  so just for in our experience its better if we're open late than so you know .  i was just going to say i 'd be willing to move on to some of the other topics and re visit this one if that 's something your interested in. .  so do you want to just move right on to renovation costs ?  any item that i letslets just go down the list .  as far as renovation costs go , we're , its  we're in dupont circle , this is one of the most bustling places , biggest business areas of dc .  so we're really not happy at all this point about the way the location looks .  we 'd really like to do a complete makeover on the building and like to propose that 25 thousand dollars for the renovation costs at this point .  we think that that. .  well yearightyesnot even close .  rightthat 's a little closer .  ok , well don 't you think that if we spend more money on renovations , even if it 's a little small 25 ?  ok .  that sounds good .  and , i think also , if you think about , about with in renovations , though if you think about how much you budget things to cost and they always end up costing a little bit more .  i feel like if we budget 25 thousand in total and maybe go into contracts with the different people that are going to be doing the renovations and tell them maybe 20 thousand dollars and it ends up being over by 5 thousand to that  25 thousand number that we have in our heads .  i feel like that would be , that would be better than having a surprise cost in the end .  yes , yes .  ; , we are negotiating over the real costs .  right .  right , but i 'm thinking that maybe strategically down the road it would , that would be almost a good thing that ok i understand that .  ok , do you want to agree on 25 thousand then ?  i don 't know .  i really don 't think so .  i think that 25 is closer to what we needed .  but again , we can move on to other discussions .  if you want to come back but oh i didn 't either but i think she'll let us know .  okdo you want to decide on the 25 thousand  for now ?  ok , so floor space is the next item on my list .  at the moment we were leading towards , about 50% of the store .  well ideally we would like to have less .  because we don 't have as many products as you do .  so we would , we would be willing to take less than 50% of the store if you needed more space for the groceries .  yesthat would actually be perfect for usok so sounds like we reached an agreement on that .  well good work .  ok great .  and just looking at the sides for the store we have now compared to what . .  ok temperaturewell yes .  we need to have a very controlled temperature for our  for the drinks .  so right now we're looking at 67 degrees .  probably 70 yea .  definitely we would prefer something a little colder than that so. .  69 is ok but not but we also have to figure the cost of heating into this .  so if we have a lower heating costs by lowering the temperature .  controlled temp for the full year .  yea , but when we're talking about the products that we're trying to , to preserve in our temperatures ...  is the bread and the cakes that you have are those going to be warm ?  that your..your selling them warm ?  they're just normal ?  ok and if it gets it might be little bit .  but i , you know , people , people can wear sweaters .  you know , there 's always so much that you can control for there .  ok i can 69 degree .  opening date; we would like to open as soon as possible .  just because , it doesn 't , it doesn 't take us very much preparations to get our products in there .  we already have all of our products on hand .  we just need to basically bring them over .  well some international too but we have enough in our store rightwell we really , as far as we're concerned we really just need we're in november , yeai think this is for next , next summer , early fall .  that 's what we're thinking .  august is  , actually really long time away for us .  the sooner we open , the sooner we can i think its november .  we're in november right now and we're looking to the dates for next yr .  yea , next summerits ok .  yea we 'd really like to open in the early summerbecause , you know , we can start making money sooner .  if you were to order it tomorrow its ok you don 't have to ok we need to train people too .  no no we don 't .  i was just just because we want to make money as soon as possible i guessi would be more comfortable with july actually .  is that too much of a stretch for you ?  ok so do we want to wait on the grand opening date and go back to hours ?  discuss that a little bit .  its that ok ?  okyea , still is so early but  9:30 would be better .  yea .  guess its 5 minutes .  thanks .  well its , its dupont circle though , so the people that are working there would be able to come by for coffee and doughnuts .  would be able to grab breakfast .  grocery , yea butyou , you would miss the morning commute but 3well the july date was already quite a bit of compromise for me .  ok ok that sounds good .  i still don 't know how we would be able to. .  i i don 't see how we can do it for much less then 25 .  really so is 25 ok ?  what if we do 25 for renovation costs and we 'd be willing to do 8:30so just to review our , our decision ?  yeaits little warm for us..but..yea , its ok .  yup .  great .  i 'm really glad with how we worked everything out together .  that 's sounds great .  yea , well thank you .  yes definitely .  i 'm actually yea i think well maybe we should ask her lynn ?  lynn , are you done ?  yeaalright when do you want to open ?  well the only way i would do that is if we could spend all 30 thousand dollars on , on the costs .  alright so answer is no .  so um. .  so lets see when , when would you rather open up and close .  i 'd rather , since its a wine shop , rather go late at night .  10:30 to 10:30 .  grocery , to me , it would be great if i , if we can open at 7:30 .  10:30 is too late .  i have to pay a lot of money. .  ok , alright .  so how about..about floor space ?  alright  i would prefer a little lessbut we can work on that .  what about temperature ?  ok , well i prefer cooler for all the wine andlike to keep the liquor a little cold but i 'm alsoyea , but i can go to 67or 69if either of those work for you .  67 even or ?  well , i'll give you sept 1st  if you ...  well wait a second .  if you , if you .if you give me 25 thousand dollars in renovation. .  oki can do 9:30 to 9:30 .  well if we do 9:30 to 9:30 i'll split , i'll split it 5050 for you .  the , the floor .  well well lets kinda work the , the three of these issues at the same time .  so what 's the , the best floor space , what 's the optimal floor space for you ?  i think that 's dropping a little low for me on the hours of operationcause most of the customers come later at night you know  yea. .  that is true .  alright how about , how about 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that still a little too low ?  alright .  sounds good .  so 7:30 to 7:30 and 67 degrees or 6 ?  um drop it a little bit .  because both both hours of operation and temperature are pretty high priority for me .  i mean , i already dropped , renovation costs as my top priority and i already dropped a little bit for that .  and i gave you your top priority so ...  could you give me 67 degrees ?  alright .  so we have so we're 7:30 to 7:30 .  its 40% . .  yea and 67 as the temperatureis that it ?  alright .  alright so i 'm from i 'm tiffany , nice to meet you .  so , i 'm from the wine shop .  right .  so we need to work out a agreement here about , all these different issues .  i guess we probably have to start with the first one which is the hours of operations ...  i was thinking because , i 'm a wine shop and i have , you know this liquor that people are probably gonna wanna buy laterso i was thinking like , 10:30 am to 10:30 pm ?  oooh yea see yea yea , i mean obviously that won 't work for me .  because 6:30 , probably like 9:30 's probably like my biggest typeplus i feel like what people are going to want to buy groceries at night too so people coming for wine and they're gonna want to come in foryea i mean like you also can have likei meanyea i mean that 's kinda early , no ones going to buy wine at 7:30 in the morning .  i mean well then how about , i mean what if we do like 8:30 to 8:30 ?  or 9:30 to 9:30 ?  oooh i , we can 't and cause 7:30s so early cause like people are just getting off of work and it 's like dupont circle .  people don 't get of work until like 7 at least .  because people work a lot cause they have expensive bills to pay .  yea , so i mean i think that 8:30 to 8:30 will be and 8:30s still really early unfortunately .  yea , see 8:30 pm7:30 's just too early .  i can 't do 7:30 .  like i 'd make no money cause that would just be ...  yea 7:30 's pm is just too early for me to close .  8:30 ?  ok .  i think that 's fair .  oh , yea .  alright , so then next thing is renovation .  now i don 't care how much it costbecause i think that its imp to have a nice looking store front and store because it in a much more higher class area .  and so people will expect more .  so i 'm willing to spend 30 thousand dollars on renovations .  hmmm ?  really ?  but like i feel like yea , i mean , but don 't you think that people are going to kind of expect that from us since we're both like high end businesses ...  and aren 't people going to i mean its not really renovated , it still needs like a lot of work to it so .  may be 25 thousand; would that be better ?  how much were you willing to spend ?  10 thousand!really , well i mean that kind of stuff is expensive like .  i mean , we're both high end businesses and we bothi think it 's probably for  each spends the amount .  because we want to put in the same amount of like capital or whatever .  so i really want to spend more moneycause i really think it 's really imp .  especially since we're like like dupont is just like , i don 't know if your from the area but like its highly visible to everybody .  like everyone 's going to be seeing it and i think that a lot of times when you have .  the competition 's high there .  there 's lot of like specialty shops and so we need to like be ahead of the game and ...  in order to keep itno i think we just we're we're getting a whole new store , together .  yea .  yea but its not ...  like the same .  we're going to be moving to another ...  yea , we're moving to a different location .  so the ...  so we all just like we're taking our reputation and putting them into the yea , i mean we're established but we're not our name is established but like , it 's. .  the location is not and i think that it 's really important that when we're we need to really come with a strong foot in the door .  ok well do you think we want to start strong but i don 't think that i 'd rather spend the extra money and do more the renovations of the place , truthfully .  yea i mean ...  i just..10 dollars is not ...  i mean , i 'd say 25 thousand dollars would be the least that i would spend .  i mean like , then how about , well let 's go on to the next one and we'll go back to that .  alright ?  floor space i i 'm thinking 40% .  ok well that was easy enough .  one thing we can agree on .  i know exactly .  alright now i guess temperature is next .  i run a wine store so obviously need it to be a certain temp in order to keep my , you know , wines and things , all in good condition .  so i was thinking 65 degrees would be , would be ideal temp for my goods to stay at the quality .  i 'd like them to beto get ruined ?  i mean , 67 , i 'd say would be the highest , would be the highest that i that i could do it. .  ok 73. .  wow , that 's not wait .  that 's gonna my wine will go bad andneither of us would have any business cause i won 't be able to pay the bills .  so that 's not going to work , as much as i would love it to .  cause i don 't like the cold eitherbut i have a .  unfortunately it says what my product can ..yea what my product can withstand .  what will keep it at the quality that is necessary .  yea , i mean i can 69 i think will be good agreement .  that way we're both ...  it 's not too cold .  and that 's that 's pretty sweet ...  the temperature .  right and plus you'll have a cold section .  maybe we can put like the cold section in the back yea yea like towards me and put the other section on the other side so if nothing else yea yea exactly!maybe we'll spread it all out so .  maybe we can do that .  yes , alright .  so i was thinking the sooner the better .  in may only because i just think we really need to get a start on this .  and so. .  and we'll  have plenty of time with renovations and the sooner the better .  we might as well jsurt start making money now so ...  do you have any qualms against that or ?  what were you.. ?  ok ok now whatyea right well i mean like , well what date were you thinking of ?  oooh well that 's the thing .  like , that 's just gonna be a little to late i think .  cause i have , like i i mean its like a. .  i mean , no if its just sitting ...  i mean we have it and , i 'd like to start making some money .  we're going to have to close our wine shop and that 's going to leave like six months of basically not having any type of revenues or profits or anything .  we're just going to be spending money .  so i think for both of us it would be more convenient to open it now .  you said you needed so am i well i mean  when we're first opening , like i 'm sure that some of my employees can , you know , offer their services to your , your side .  you still have some items ?  well what kind of items are you ?  special items from abroad ?  well , but your , but your store is operating fine now right ?  is my question yea , i mean we'll just maybe not have those few items when we first open and then offer them later , once we open .  cause i 'm ready to go like right now so ...  yea!i should have enough people to cover your sideand plus like ...  if we and that would kind of like  if you have like a store open and we're open for like two months and you bring more special products , we can maybe like do something to work in likeis there anyway you can expedite to get it here faster ?  i there anything you can do to ?  ok well then i mean september 1st is too long .  i 'm thinking. .  i don 't know .  i don 't know .  i really cause i feel like july is a really slow month cause a lot of people are on vacation .  it 's a ok we can do july 1stok yes .  alright; yea .  i mean , i 'm still really going for 25 thousandcause i really think that like the look of the store and the quality of our store and the inside of it is really going to ...  you know .  kind of help us with what we need .  cause we really need to have like , a bigger , a better , and nicer , and a higher quality looking store cause then people will actually come in .  cause it 's in a highly visible area .  people are going to be walking by it everyday and they're going to be walking by a thousand other shops .  we have to get something we need to spend extra money to , you know , make people want to come to our store .  and i know this'll make more money for you too in the end because you'll be getting more customers .  we have a ok well i think that , i mean i think that 25 thousand would be a really good amount then .  if we're gonna kind of like negotiate only because 20 thousand ?  ok .  yea , i think so .  should we press stop or ?  ok lets see so hii 'm sorry can you pronounce you name again for me ?  i didn 't catch it .  shudong ?  ok nice to meet you .  yea yea .  so i 'm looking forward to doing business with youyea , yeaok i 'm happy to go with hrs ops first if you areokwell , its  i think on this one we sort of have we're at opposite extremes .  because i 'm , i 'm in the business of selling wines and liquor so its , its in my interest to want to be open as late for people shopping for parties or what have you .  so my , my preferred option would be 10:30am to 10:30 pm .  however i mean i don 't , i don 't think it 's reasonable for me to ask you to open that late .  because i understand you want you want to sell coffee to people before they get to work .  right ?  sure surewell what i would suggest again , cause i think ...  if , if , if you , if you are interested in selling coffee to people before they get to work or snacks or what have you people getting lunch before they get to work if , if you were to open at 8:30 that would  and and remember you're your right at dupont circle right ?  i mean , that 's where , that 's where we're we're going to be .  so people have , i would say probably have time when they get off the metro to , you know , to get off and grab a cup of coffee before they get to work .  if , if we opened at 8:30 .  does that sound reasonable to you ?  yea , you think so ?  well i 'm open to that .  i 'm open to that if we can talk about some of the other issues that are important to me .  why don 't we say right now could , could we say that at the moment that we're are open to considering either 7:30 or 8:30 for the time being ?  and let ...  lets talk about some of these other things too so we can come back to that ?  i mean ...  yea  i 'm just saying lets talk about some of the other ones and see where we are .  what should we talk about next ?  surethat , that , that sounds completely reasonable to me .  i mean , that , that 's pretty much what i figured i would want to have .  that i think is  right about where i need to be to put my inventory out .  and it 's pretty much exactly like you say .  so 40% for me and 60% for you that sounds great , great to me .  that 's ...  that 's one solvedlets oh gosh .  let 's talk about the renovation costs .  and here 's here 's what i 'm thinking here .  i 'm defiantly open to hearing what you have to say .  as i 'm looking at the space it doesn 't look like it 's in great shape to me .   i think it'll probably need a fair amount of work to get it in order .  and you know , not not just for , you know , you know our own safety and well being .  i think it 's probably the case you and i would probably do more business if we had an attractive store front .  yea so i 'm , i 'm of the opinion that it will take about 30 thousand to ...  to get the place in good working order and make it look attractive .  and that 's , that 's jut what i 'm throwing out there so i 'd be happy to hear what your thinking .  little bit high ?  rightalight .  what what are you thinking about temperature ?  because of the air conditioning ?   ?  rightso your thinking 73 ?  well , well and i 'm , you know , certainly .  i 'm concerned about the electrical bill as well .  one of one of my concerns though is i have several wines and liquors that need to be stored at low temperature .  that they , their , when they're stored cooler , they , they'll preserve better .  they'll they'll keep longer; they'll keep their flavor and their quality much better .  so i think here here 's another on where you know it maybe that its preferable for me to have the temperature as low as possible but you know ...  and again i think ...  i think here , low as possible , for , for us , would mean 65 degrees .  and this is another issue where i don 't ...  i 'm not interested in keeping it super super coldbecause it 's , you know , your right , its expensive and its probably not as comfortable .  65 i think people would have goosebumps when they're walking in .  yea yea i agree completelyyea yea rightright. .  i think that it will ...  however , it will probably make a difference for our liquors if if , you know , if they end up being of poor quality , people won 't buy them then .  so i 'm i 'm i 'm i'll tell you i'll tell you what i 'm thinking then .  i would say that , you know , i would i would prefer to have it at 67 degrees but 69 degrees would be do able for me .  does that sound like a reasonable.. ?  yea i hear , i definitely hear what your saying .  but i the investment in my stock ...  the , the wines and liquor that i sell is frankly ...  is worth a lot more for me than the electrical bill .  and i 'm willing to put up with that cost of the electricity bill to ensure that i give my customers a high quality product .  ok that 's great i really appreciate that .  lets um. .  let , let , lets deal with the grand opening date .  well , i , i i think that we'll like to get open right away and start making money .  and i my preferred date would be may 1st .  ok how much time would you need ?  sure surewell again ...  i , i i i think do , do you ...  well lets see so we're talking 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .  4 months later than my preferred date .  would , would 3 months , would aug 1st be enough time for you to get what you need ?  so we can at least get open and start making a little bit of moneyyeaok so your talking if we can come to a deal on hours ops then. .  ok well lets go back there .  i think where we , where we left off on hours of operation we were , we were trying to decide on 8:30 and 7:30 and then on renovations your suggesting 15k and i was suggesting 30 thousand .  well ..well let me , do you mind if i take a second and do a little math here ?  ok so 20 thousand and 7:30 and september 1st ok .  i i gotta say that ...  that i don 't think that will , will really do it for me because and i 'm just , i 'm really , i think my , my biggest concern right now is the .  well , actually it 's the renovation costs and i i think that. .  here 's what i would suggest .  if we were to open with the hours of operation ...  if we could go from 7:30am to 7:30pm , ok , do renovation costs at 25 thousand , and open on aug 1st again , so we can just get a little bit of , little bit more time to earn some money. .  during the month of august .  would that make sense ?  oh really ?  ok that make 's sense .  30 thousand , 7:30 and september 1st right ?  ok .  greatok hi , nice to meet you .  i guess we have to come to an agreement if we're going to be sharing the space in terms of how we're going to set up our store .  when are we going to start ?  ok that 's fine .  so how much would you like ?  ok .  that sounds good then .  so i'll take 40 and you can have 60 .  ok , so that gives us an idea of how..maybe how much its going to cost us to go about renovating the space .  i don 't know how you feel about how it exists right now .  i mean , i , i think that if we spend maybe double the amount to 20 thousand that might pay off in the long run .  ok ?  sure ok .  and especially its easier to do it upfront than down the line .  ok , what should we discuss next ?  ok so we may want to reach an agreement on that because we obviously have to be open at the same time .  i , yea. .  i think the later hrs will be too late in order to possibly effect your business and .  but at the same time if people are coming in the later to purchase wine , they might also be influenced to get items from your store as well .  so i guess how early do you want to open in the morning ?  well 8:30 would be idealcause then your getting the get the end of the people coming in for breakfast as well as the wine between people that will be coming in to buy stuff for lunch as well as the people coming in to buy stuff for dinner .  whereas if we , if we closed early we might be making more money off people buying lunch and dinner items .  ok , can we talk about something else then cause we're. .  ok i guess the next thing that 's going to be pretty important is when we're going to open the store .  and that i think depends on how long it takes us to renovate it .  i guess what are your priorities in terms of when you wan to open it ?  ok because it will take you oki guess if we're able to i mean i would , i would be ok with opening in august if , if maybe you would consider going a little bit later in terms of the daily operation time .  so if we , if we , if we open at 8:30 instead of 7:30 or 6:30 .  i , i would be ok with , because i 'm hoping for money right because i already have a lot of stuff in storage .  for you. .  sure ok .  if we can , if we can open the store on a daily basis later in the morning , i would be more than happy to accommodate you .  because your success is somewhat dependent on my success as well and vice versa .  ok that , that 's good .  cause there 's no way i would be selling wine at 6:30 .  lets seeexactly .  for both of usso would you rather open at 7:30 or 8:30 ?  grocery , ok how about 8:30 ?  8:30 would be terrific!okso that 's the temperature .  for me its actually better if we keep the store at a lower temperature justbecause of the requirement for my product .  i 'm not sure how you would like the temperature of the store to be .  ok , ideally i would like to have the temperature 65 degrees .  yea .  for me..for the wine..its good .  well , in the winter time it 's going to cost more to make it warmer .  than it will to have a lower temperature .  true , i agree .  so 69 degreesor 67 degrees ?  in the middle is acceptable lets see yea my information says that we're selling wine and that preserves best at lower temperature .  i don 't know that , that how much the temperature wil effect the product but i 'd be willing to settle in the middle , because obviously , like you were saying , we're both focused on half the , half the floor space .  69 will be fine then .  yea , 69 will be fine .  well if in someway we might be able to spend a little bit more on renovating the existing space , i would be ok with storing my product at the current , at a little bit higher temperature than i 'd like .  sure .  i 'd like to spend 5 thousand more dollars .  i 'd like to spend 25 thousand .  so we'll increase our upfront spending and we'll make a little bit more money in the long term by keeping the temperature at 69 degrees .  ok i think that we might have done all that was. .  oh ..go through on what we agreed on .  i agree .  so we're going to , we're going to open from 8:30 to 8:30 .  and we're going to spend 25 thousand dollars to renovate .  and i will have 40% of the space you're going to have 60% .  and we'll keep the temperature at 69 degrees and we'll open on aug 1st .  ok thank youokwell since i 'm selling wineso obviously i wanna stay open later .  yea , the later the better .  well how about you ?  what do you need ?  grocery , well the stuff that i have ...  we we prefer earlier .  rather early .  but i 'm pretty sure we can..it probaly doesn 't have to be that early .  i 'm thinking , you know , 7:30 am 7:30ish ?  that 's that 's that 's a little bit off .  for hours of operations that 's a little low , low for me .  but i , i could do 8:30 if ?  is 8:30 ok ?  i mean 9:30 is well 10:30 is the best for me .  but don 't i don 't know if i could go any lower than 8:30 looks like yea we can come back to that yea. .  well i think the store needs to look a little bit better to draw customers in .  so as far as renovation costs , lets see .  i 'd kinda like to go all out and go with 30 thousand .  how do you feel about that ?  7:30 , is that , is hours of operations your most important ?  is that , is that the most important issue for you ?  do you have another ?  grocery , well the opening date is .  opening date ?  the hours of operations ?  i mean , that 's my second priority too so i feel kind of like if we can , if we could go in the middle for that .  but i 'm definitely willing to play around with the opening date .  what would you suggest for renovation coh. .  costs though ?  nolets see .  yea lets how about ...  lets come back to that .  to renovations cost and grand opening at the end .  and let 's take care of floor space and temperature .  is that alright ?  does that sound good ?  ok .  but as its stands , i 'm willing to at least agree for august 1st for the grand opening date .  yea , at least .  ok ?  i could , i could go as far as september if things work out .  as far as floor space and temperature go .  ok so , what  how about temperature ?  what are you thinking you 'd like ?  your dealing in breads and that kind of stuff right ?  ok , ok .  ok , for once obviously again , the loweryea the lower in temperature the better .  let me think about that a little what about floor space ?  what if how do you feel about floor space ?  for you ?  ok , that would then give me 40% ?  well if , if we went right in the middle with temperature , i 'd be willing to do 40% on floor space .  yea , for me , for me .  and which would give you your 60 .  if you went in the middle with temperature at 69 degrees .  and i 'd do the grand opening date at sept 1st .  grocery , ok that will work .  if we do the renovation costs at 30 thousand yea back to that .  and then the 40 , 40 the 60 for you .  well , let me think here .  i mean , either , if either the ...  lets see .  i mean the hours of operations or the temperature , if it were a little bit better for me that would be great .  but at the same time i know for you too , that we're both in , we're both in the extremes there .  i would , i would like the coldest and the latest and you would like the earliest and the warmest and the earliest .  i mean , so i feel like that 's not really the hours of operations .  yea if it were later .  but i mean , again i realize its your second most..soyou need temperature .  and i don 't , i don 't really mind being in the middle there .  its fine for me .  pretty , pretty optimal .  yea yea ok .  yea that 's why , the grand opening for me i mean , ideally i would like to go as early as possiblebut i don 't mind because you were willing to go for renovation costsso that , that sounds ok with me .  ok .  yea .  lynn ?  so what kind of bread is your best seller ?  what kind of bread ?  goodyang .  yang , y a n g .  yang .  yeayeschina .  what about you ?  oh ...  ok now let 's begin .  just this is here and we can try our best so we can get the same thing .  both good to to us .  yea , so .  then maybe we should begin at the first one just the hours of operations ?  i know this but one problem is that i think maybe in your scheduleis that when you start earlier and then you have to closer there , it awful for our wine .  for just some liquor , it 's not very goodso maybe we have change  .  yes i know that for you 7 is best and maybe for me the 9:30 is best .  yea yea soyea fine i know i know your concern but you should also think about my suggestion! i thinki think i don 't want to talk too long about this  i want to give a suggestion that , if i do some or can. .  i don 't know how to how to say .  if i can give up or do some do something .can i get back in the other concerns or the other issues ?  so maybe we just cannot then i think may be the 8:30 is ok .  its just if you knew that we do not want to close very early and i also know your problems .  it 's also so .  maybe i think we both. .  its , its just the yes there' just a complete i understand your suggestion but you should also think that if we close that time .  or even , after that , even we close that ...  the better time for us say 10:30 .  but yes , i am sure that you cannot agree  with so yeas so maybe we cannot i did not offer that suggestion .  so maybe the better. .  that 8:30 or the other things ?  but you know that most of people , they , if they want to buy the wines from   its such things they just    maybe     young persons or they want to go to bar or the other places , its also in the night .  yes i know what..you are also very , when you open late you also have problem but the same for me. .  yea maybe i think its 15 thousand ?  yea i thinking from your attitude yes , maybe you think 15 is okbut from more things we can attract more consumers .  you know that , yes maybe you can ...  image is not very important to your , to your shop but i don 't think so .  you can know that there are any holidays or the other things you have to pay these .  you have to pay this money .  maybe you can go all out for the consumers .  i , i 'd like to 25 thousand .  so may beyou can borrow it from bank ...  yes .  just try .  so maybe i think that we have concern here .  it 's not easy for us to get the same idea very soon yea ?  so i was thinking that you can agree with me when i do some ...  do the other things for you .  when you just get the floor space or the temperature .  you know that it 's also important to you and also imp to me .  for both its important .  so i think maybe ...  or we just pull this concern there and we thenyesi know if .  if you can   i was thinking i could do someok that sounds good .  yesyou can , yes .  you can in the 70% .  oh so sorry , i want to you first you said how many ?  60 ?  the floor space , at first you want to ?  i i i i made a mistake .  you now that maybe i made a mistake .  60 is ok ?  yes .  you 60 my 40 is ok ?  and yesand then temperature ...  yes .  to me me i think most of my products need to be kept at 65 .  i just say the truth 65 .  i know that you cannot accept this temperature .  so if i know this .  so i want to know that you are and then we can get some yes is 67 ok ?  i think its just so i can  you can just consider this .  i know that it 's a problem for you yes ?  so it 's a problem for me but i want to get the samething we can get yes ?  hi!so , i 'm with the ye old wine shopand i 'm excited about us working together and our new location .  and i think we have some details to work out .  i have five priorities that i want to talk about and maybe i'll just let you know what those are and if there 's any other issues that you want to talk about ok .  so what are what is your priority for your your opening hours ?  what were you thinking ?  grocery , you know because this is a grocery store and i can sell coffee and all the other breakfasts itemsso so for me as early as the better .  ok .  and for me selling wine , alcohol , its better for me to stay up open later .  so maybe we can come to a compromise on the hours .  my preference is to open at 10:30 and close at 10:30 .  which i understand may affect your coffee sales .  ok , well considering that people go to work at around 9 o' clock , what if we did , you know , 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that way i could stay open late enough so that people could purchase wine after work and they could also purchase coffee before work .  for you ?  temp is critical for , for the wine needs to be stored at a cooler temp so okok well if i went to 67 degrees ?  and what if we did 67 degrees and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  i think that 7:30 is too early to close for mecause for wine sales we really need to be open later .  but let 's let 's talk about some other categories and see what else are you , what kind of floor space are you interested in occupying ?  okok great .  and my preference is 40% for me so that would be something we could agree upon .  ok that works out well cause i was looking at 40% as what i would want .  and what about renovation costs for , for wine sales its really imp that the atmosphere that a customer is in to purchase wine is is nicer .  so i 'm think about investing 30 thousand into the space , the renovation costs .  what is you priority as far as ?  ok , well i wonder if its possible for me to invest more in my 40% space and have that area a little nicer than the grocery section .  i mean , we're going to need to make this a really attractive place for people to want to come even when the time isn 't as convenient for them .  i think , i mean i 'd like my preference is 10:30 to 10:30but maybe we could do 20 thousand in renovation costs and do 9:30 to 9:30 .  if , if you know , we could make certain compromises on these issues .  ok i would be happy with that .  and what are you thinking about your opening date ?  well we're putting a lot of money into the renovation so the earlier that we can get open and get sales started the better its going to be for business so. .  well lets see .  if you could agree to keep the temp at 65 i could move my opening date to july 1st .  which would still give me a lot of the end of summer sales well what about 67 and opening earlier ?  june 1st and 67 degrees ?  71 degrees is really warm for the temperature that , that wines and liquors are are , you know , best preserved at .  the lower temperature 's to keep our stock in better quality for longer so that temp is really imp to us .  well how about 67 degrees and july 1st ?  ok 67 degrees and aug 1st ?  i'll agree to that .  great!so 8:30 , 25 thousand in renovations .  40 thousand ...  i mean 40% space for me and 60% for you .  and 67 degrees , aug 1st we'll open .  greathihi my name is marknice to meet you .  so you're the owner of the upper crust grocery shop ?  the ye old wine shop .  so we need to decide on some issues hereyea  hrs ops. .  yea .  guess we can start with hours of operationssurelooks like .  i think it would be the renovation costs .  what would your most important be ?  oki just believe its very important to present you know a very attractive looking store which would like on entering the store yea yeaok and why do you say grand opening date ?  why is that very important ?  sureok i 'm thinking a little bit earlier on thatbut i 'm able to , to compromise on that issues .  would you ...  i was just think here so renovation costs , that 's my important as grand opening date is for you .  renovation costs , i was thinking of spending 30 thousand .  less than that , yea i feel it wouldn 't be what i 'm looking for in the store .  that works for me .  sure .  that'll be fine .  grand opening will be sept 1st .  that 's great man , that sounds neat .  that was a major one .  renovations there ...  ok , you put hours of operations as important ?  you have to get thethe issue , issue there is that , you know , we're selling wine and liquor and our major clientele would want it open later .  yea yeai mean people people usually aren 't drinking wine at 6 o'clock in the morning .  you know .  so they're going to want to be purchasing something for the evening and , most would want to , get it after work and then late into the night .  true , but , i , i know what you mean by that .  but sometimes , you know , early in the morning and you really don 't have time to take the time buying wine.your trying to get ready for work , trying to make sure your going to get to work on time grocery , oh i seeyou wouldn 't really want to be thinking about oh what do i want to bring to this party in the evening and you rather just rather stop on the way .  are you willing to compromise at all on this issueor is it pretty much 6:30 to 6:30 is all it has to be  , grocery , yea. .  what , what do you think on ...  say temperatureyea , we actually , we have some wine we need to store at a lower temperature .  so it would be best at like 65 degrees would be the ideal. .  ideal temperature for the wine .  could you do 7:30 to 7:30 ?  maybe 7:30 to 7:30 and then 67 degrees .  would that work for you or ?  could you compromise on that ?  a little highdo you want move on to floor space maybe we can we'll get the last one and then see what we can do. .  we actually , you know , feel kind of bad we don 't really need a whole lot of space .  are you looking for a lot of space ?  so you want 60% of the floor space ?  ok , we'll give you 60% for the floor space .  then , then i get 40% .  so you get , you get 60 and i get 40 ?  that 's , that 's great for me .  yea so you don 't , you need , you want more of the floor space ?  you need more , you need more space than us cause you probably have lot of bread andyeawe still have hours of operations and temperature .  65 ?  is there a reason it shouldn 't be that cold ?  would some of your food be going bad ?  i 'm trying to i guess , the cost for the air conditioner everything 's coming into play .  yea i mean you know , trying to be nice here .  and you gave the renovation costs , you were very nice about and that was high .  i 'm willing to sacrifice somewhat on the air conditioning i mean , there 's probably another way .  we could probably do 67 degrees .  is that ok with you ?  you , you really need that 6:30 to 6:30 to get the people in there.. ?  let me. .  you think , you think if we open at 6:30 , that benefits the wine sales ?  you'll have to kind of almost market .  say you know before people leave you'll have to make a pitch , you know , say do you need any wine for later ?  ...  like that .  try and get them toi mean you'll have to kind of work with me and almost direct them over to my sideand say do you need something for the evening ?  are you focusing on brunches more than dinner food ?  ok .  it , it , it would a little bit , i mean yea i 'm thinking but you know , 6:30 people would ...  yea sure sure .  for dinner .  ok so your saying you could give me the 65 degree temperature ?  if you can get the hours of operations ?  that 's fine with meso 6:30 to 6:30 and then i get 65 degrees ?  ok i think we did pretty well here .  yeaare you happy with everything ?  yea that was definitely , definitely definitely went well kind of productive .  guess we work together well .  its good when  you can kinda , you know , take multiple things into consideration .  ok so we done , we leave ?  good .  nice to meet youmy names baining .  oksure .  well since we're combining two different grocery store and a wine shopand the area of operations is dupont circle where a lot of walk ins and tourists and people walk around and a safe place for the working in late night so .  since this would be a quality store and our store can open till late ...  like till between 11 and 11:30 , so that we'll have more traffic and have more people coming in to the store late night .  well still the 7:30 we will be closing the wine shop too early for me .  yes and the most , the traffic that i get from the , from my experience is between like , after dinner and between late night .  so where i get the most of profits out of it .  and the bottle , the margins i have for the each model cause i sell like high end products , like high quality wine .  that will bring more profits .  so i think to run the store together and bringing the wine customers and at the same time purchasing like high product organic groceries from your store then it would cause more profits than we expect so. .  well but the based on my thehmmok .  next one was the , renovation costs .  in the dupont circle actually there 's one lane , the store that has all wine and grocery stores on it .  and since we're already jumping in to where the competition is and we want to differentiate ourselves and differentiate position differently and unique for the what , this retail store can bring to the people and market in dupont circle .  so , i guess , i believe renovating and design interior dcor would cost us at least 40 thousand dollars .  to get all the interior done and , we have to fix the aisle where the people are moving .  we have to get all the lights and the  since we're combining two different stores we have to come up with the same brand identity to provide people with identicalwell of coursenot just just ...  just throwing money off to just expensive interior but we have to have the concept and that , coming coming with the concept itself costs money too .  how about the its doesn 't have the options here so like how about spending like 40 thousand in the renovation and then we split up the , the first , the profits until we get into break even points .  so then would , so 40 thousand is way off your budget ?  so why don 't we come in to the middle and settle on 30 thousand ?  a thousand more and uh so we. .  how about like , you spend 30 thousand and  i'll get you 10 thousand back from the first profit that we makebut for the initial , interior design we need to spend the money on the 30 thousand for now so eventually we'll get theextra budget reimbursed .  uh 7:30 to 7:30 is too tight for me .  and this will hurt my entire business and ...   i know , i can understand the the nature of what the grocery store is in and you are the products and the ...  what you breakfast .  but i 'm thinking of like not just sort of breakfast but having a brunch menu and we can tap into a new market and bring more customers in the early hours .  we can start from like 10:30 for example .  then we can throw more breakfast or the brunch people .  and then we can have the store open late night to get the more traffic going on and more profit going on in the store. .  uh huhno nono no we're not like a regular liquor store so we're .  well here 's ...  if you could spend more budget on the renovation costs , which is the 30k , then i will have the store open ...  like 8:30 .  that 's the best i can do .  30 thousand ?  yea so i just asked you for 30 thousand .  8:30since all i need for the wine ...  isi don 't need much space .  but at least i need to have the half space of the whole entire. .  so that'll be  i go for me i want for me to have at least half of the square feet of the store that we'll have .  so that equals like 10% of storage for my wine .  cause i can 't display all the wine cellar and the ...  right .  so what do you think about that ?  ok so you want 60% of ?  ok i'll let that one. .  you know you know wine exactly you know well yea i do drink wine ...  you know the lower you can get is  obviously. .  it will be more fresh .  and i believe for the grocery store ...  so you want the freshness ...  so you don 't want the that 's way too high .  that 's like steaming .  well i thought abut 59 to get the store running .  then how about coming like 63or 65 ?  that 's like the maximum i can get with the wine .  69 67 ?  67 ?  ok 5 minutes ok you wanna go on to the grand opening so we can negotiate the last ?   ?  since we're putting so much money in order to get to the break even point as soon as it can ...  it 's the early we can open the store ...  and the early we can start promoting the things going on .  so at least , in up coming april we need to get the storewould you agree on i'll talk until the whole summer until you can start until you can start your regular business going on ?  august 1st ?  !so how 's this we agree on the 65 and. .  65 and aug 1st ?  how about july 1st ?  no i can 't do that. .  can you go over to 65cause ...  uh wine the temperature is is one the crucial thing ...  that you should maintainwell the more that the  in order to get the store open , i can 't open the store with half under construction or half not open .  that 's necessary to our having our , two , having a successful business together .  so instead see like we should come with different ...  like options so we can be more creative orhow about ...  can you agree on. .  i'll go with the 65 and aug 1st .  so we're done .  we're done!hi , well we have five issues areas .  hours of operation , renovation , floor space , temperature and grand opening date .  grocery , so why don 't we tell each other our initial offer and see what 's the difference and negotiate from that .  ok , well i 'm selling wine and liquor;its better for me to stay open later .  so more business can come to the store .  so i would push probably for later hours of operation .  starting at 10:30 am to 10:30 pm .  before 10:30 am i 'm not certain there will be much business .  i mean with our , our opening as well .  given , given that a lot of people want groceries and wine that we'll be selling .  how do you feel on the renovation costs ?  ok , what 's your rational behind it ?  can you make. .  on renovations ?  well , if we want to make this a quality store , and really be able to have the perception that we're selling gourmet groceries and wine and liquor .  i think investing in renovation is best .  so i 'd picture higher than 15 thousand .  because i think it will pay off when we do the grand opening and its very snazzy looking , nice looking store front .  what were your , i 'm sorry , didn 't ask what your hours of operations preferences were .  ok , how about closing by 7:30 .  do you think that 's cutting of some of our customers ?  sure floor space , what was your ?  i might be able to do that but i really would like 40% for myself which would give you 60% .  it would be 60 for you and 30 for me .  uh , i 'm sorry it would be 60 for you and 40 for me .  so maybe we're probably closer on that one there .  temperature because of the need for wine and the liquor to be kept cooler for the lower the temp the better of course .  so 65 degrees .  i 'm going to start off with 65 degrees .  the higher it goes the less quality and my profits will be .  and i 'm wondering what you would have that might require higher temperatures .  most grocery stores , you know , are cooler so maybe we can learn from that .  why would you say that ?  what , what 's your business plan on opening on aug 1st ?  rightwell i 'd be worrying that we'll miss most of the summer business that way .  particularly in dupont circle area where there 's a good deal of food traffic and metro traffic .  tourist in dc coming to that would want to , kind of ..we'll be selling food and liquor and wine .  if we think about our customers needs at that during the summer , to me it makes more sense to go earlier of course .  if we invest more money in the renovation then the renovation should be completed earlier .  which would allow you more time in training the employees and getting the food stuff shipped in because you won 't have to delay that until the renovation is complete .  at the latest , it would , it would be june 1st .  yea , if we can negotiate on the other areas where your comfortable opening may 1st then i would be much happier .  i can do 30 thousand .  but your only doing 15 lets see we're closest is the floor space .  are you happy with 70% ?  cause i can do with lets see .  how much did you want in floor space ?  you wanted 60 right ?  or you wanted 70 ?  grocery , 70and how much did you just say would you take 60 ?  for floor space .  that'll be 60 40yeacan you , can you accept that offer ?  okgood ok .  i knew we were closer on that one than on the others .  so that 's good on thatthe others i think we're too too40% for meis you need more ...  lets see  if you need more floor space , would you open earlier ?  would you open , if , if you've got you're preferred floor space is 70% correct ?  is 70% ?  ok .  would you go may 1st if you got as much floor space as you needed ?  couldn 't do that ?  couldn 't do may 1st ?  ok and june 1st is unacceptable to you ?  lets see what else we can negotiate on .  those are real tough for meno i can do july 1st if we do the 9:30 opening .  yes .  and i really don 't want to go 69 degrees .  i 'm going to spoil my products .  yea , if we do 9:30 , 69 degrees july 1st69 degrees july 1st9:30 .  and then i'll come down to 20 thousand on the renovation costs .  20 thousand .  and that'll give you , and then that 's lets see .  and i'll give you the floor space .  so it'll be 70% floor space for you .  well i could negotiate on that if ...  i can get some of the others .  cause i know you said you needed more space for your products .  that would be 70% floor space for you and it would be only one , one level up on the renovation costs than what you needed .  that would be. .  rather than the floor space ?  ok so let me just see , that would be the 9:30 am opening , 20 thousand renovation costs , it would be 60% floor space for you , august 1st opening date .  i could go to 69 and if we do august 1stlet me see here .  i can do aug 1st if we do this: we can do 9:30 opening , you have 60% floor space , 69 degrees but we put more money into the renovation costs .  give at least 25 .  yea if we're we're going to delay opening i want to do a really fancy job , make it look incredible so people still come by .  so we do 9:30 in opening , 25 thousand in renovation costs , give you 60% floor spaceyeai don 't know if that 's an option on this negotiation .  no cause we have to agree upon a common temperature .  i wouldn 't this negotiation does not allow me to do that .  yea mine says the two of you have to agree on a common temperature .  yea not according to minelet me see here .  i can give you 71 degrees , can you open a month earlier ?  no i don 't want to do thatbecause , one , one we're already in the summer time so i don 't want the temperature higher .  lets do. .  let me think here .  yea i 'd rather give on the temperature than on the opening hoursso 9:30 , 25 thousandthere 's no way you can give on the , on the opening date any ?  yeaalrightyeahi i 'm andrew .  how are you ?  good .  and you're going to be running the grocery store ?  mmhmm .  where are you from ?  yeah .  well , i think we have the same 5 issues in mind so how do you , how do you feel .  which issue is the most salient issue for you ?  okay , alright , we can do that .  well you're right i would like to open a little bit later .  a wine shop won 't do very well if it opens at 6:30 in the morning and closes at 6:30 at night .  but so preferably the later the better for mebut i understand that you need to be able to sell breakfast and a wine shop in d.c .  isn 't the same as some other stores that are just selling beer for late night drinkers .  so usually people are coming into my store are drinking the wine with a meal that they have already planned out so they aren 't doing the last minute late night run thing .  so can you open at 9:30 is that too late in the morning ?  okay , alright , that works .  well i honestly think that any money we are going to sink into renovating is going to come back to us in the long run .  so i think renovation costs will pay for themselves eventually .  and i know that you were are feeling that a grocery store doesn 't need to look fancy but i don 't know that that is necessarily true .  i mean there are grocery stores that spend more money on how they look and on appearances and are able to charge more for it .  so maybe you could actually make back some of the money we sink into renovation costs by charging a little bit more .  you are already connected to a wine shop that 's kind of a higherend feel about the store anyway .  well clean is something that we are going to have to maintain anyway right ?  i mean no matter how it starts off its going to get dirty so we'll have to keep it clean anyway , but fancy might might bring in people that will spend more money in your grocery store .  it might allow you to charge more money .  maybe you could if it looked fancy , they might expect some more unusual products that might allow you to sell some things that you don 't find in other grocery stores in dupont circle .  i would like to spend $25 , 000 .  i mean ideally , i would love to spend 30 , but i know that you probably can 't spend that much .  does 25 work ?  okay .  well i feel like you are going to need more of the space than i will , right ?  you have more products than i do .  but we still are going to be splitting the cost for utilities right down the middle .  i mean that isn 't one of our issues but well how much space would you like ?  so you want to do it 60/40 ?  yeah , yeah i think that 's ok .  that 's ok because i mean , you have a lot more products than i do .  and that is close to what we're spending for the utilities so okay , i think 60/40 we can wok with that .  what is your preference for temperature ?  i know a lot of grocery stores need to be kept cool .  you have refrigerated products right ?  right , in d.c .  you can only sell wine or beer .  so i am a wine shop .  well even wine it doesn 't need to be refrigerated like beer does but it still keeps better in a cooler environment .  do your groceries need to be kept cool , or does it not matter for them as much ?  that 's too cold for you ?  that might be a little bit warm for my wines .  the thing is , because wine needs to be kept in a cool area to keep for a long time and if it 's too far , if it 's too warm it won 't keep as well .  oh , really ?  okay .  okay , alright we can go with 69 then .  luckily i have most of my products already so for me it 's just a matter of getting ready to sell itand if we can get the renovations done by may it would be nice .  i am sure that you are eager to get into business too , right ?  well just because summer is a big wine selling season .  people like being outside with their friends and they go to the beach and they sit on their roofs , especially dupont circle .  you know how everyone sits outside on the sidewalks .  so for me the earlier the better to sell my product .  is june too early for you , does that not allow you enough time ?  now are you able to sell other things in the meantime while you are waiting for some of those special items ?  no , i understand i have to import things too so i know how it is .  is june 1st ok ?  alright , so that seems that it works for both of us .  i 'm megan .  nice to meet you .  do you just want to go through each issue ?  that sounds good .  is there a reason we have to wait so long for it ?  yeah i agree .  i just think that earlier the start , we can start making a profit too .  for me may would be the best .  the earlier the better .  grocery , but i see .  i think as long as the renovations are done you don 't think you can get employees before september ?  well do you want to discuss the other ones too and then you can kind of like decide .  ok well what about the temperature ?  i mean the cooler the betterbecause it preserves the wine better .  so 65 degrees would be ideal .  but i probably couldn 't go much more than 67/because the stuff would go bad .  umm .  69 just seems a lot warmer than 65 .  i think like that if wine is not as good a quality it is bad for both of our businesses you know ?  i mean i think just it is important to keep the product though .  i think it is easier for a person to bring a coat into a grocery store or like a jacket and keep a little bit warmer if they are shopping and they get cold .  and like if the products are good that 's what 's more important to the people who are shopping .  i can do 67but i feel like 69 is going to be kind of a little too warm and risky to the product .  let 's talk about all of them i guess and then we'll decide .  how about floor space ?  i 'd ideally like a little bit less like 40% would be betterjust because wine doesn 't take as much food , as much space up as food .  i mean ideally you would want 50 percent .  and 60 for you .  right definitely but you would also probably have a higher profit just because food typically brings in more than but i wouldn 't even have enough product to really take up 50 percent of the space .  so it would be like i am paying for more space that i am not really using .  you could use the space and you would be making money off the space you are using whereas i really wouldn 't be making any more or less .  i feel like when i am grocery shopping though when things are laid out properly it is easier to like shop and get the things that you want than it is if stuff is piled all the way up and you can 't really reach it .  and it becomes hard for people like have little kids ore someone in a wheelchair .  and just for like a grocery store there is so much more product than there is for .  i do see what you're saying .  let 's discuss the rest of them briefly too and try to see where we are on them .  umm for renovationi was thinking the more money we put into it the more money we will probably get out of it .  so i was thinking the more money we put into it the more we'll probably get out of it .  so i would say 30 , 000 dollars to get our money 's worth for it .  i think you have to spend money to make money you know .  the nicer it looks people are going to feel like they are shopping in a better place and they are going to justify spending a good amount of money .  i think both .  well what would you be looking to spend ?  go alcohol shopping right .  so you would look at 6:30 ?  well , i guess which is the most important to you as far as getting it as close to your ideal as possible ?  grocery , i really really want to minimize my cost in floor spacedue to the environment like the climate control thing .  and i really really want to get ready for my grand opening , because i don 't want people to come in with things not done , because many of my product will take longer to ship for me .  so if you can help me in grand opening date i might sacrifice a little in others .  i can delay my hours of operation a little bit .  for hours of operation for grand openingdo you think you could do august 1stso that it 's only a month earlier than you would want to .  for grand opening date ?  if you take 50 percent you mean ?  what would the temperature be ?  the product would go bad , the product would go bad .  i think 69 is the lowest .  i 'd really rather do 69because i think those 2 degrees could make a big difference but let 's hold off on that one .  for what about renovation costs ?  i would like to spend as much as possiblejust so that it would be important to business .  so 30 , 000 is what i would be willing to spend for it .  but maybe if you would be willing to spend more on renovation i would be willing to take 50 percent of the floor spaceso you would save on your rent cost then too .  cause didn 't you say you wanted less , 50 percent of the floor space to be able to for the rent .  i would be willing to compromise in hours of operation because i think that sounds good to me .  that 's right in the middle for both of us right ?  cause you wanted to open at 6:30 so that 's fair .  well i 'm opening 2 hours i know your opening 2 hours later but i am opening 2 hours earlier than i want to , too .  so it is right in the middle for that so i think we are both kind of giving up the same thing .  but i think if we spend more on renovation that would help my business so i could probably afford more rent and take 50 percent of the floor space .  so you would want 50 percent of the floor space .  what about 25 , 000 and then i would take 50 percent of the floor space .  which would end up saving you could we open at 7:30 and we could do $25 , 000 in renovation costs .  i don 't know many people that go grocery shopping before 7:30 .  and that way when they first come in at 7:30 or 8 their bread could be fresh .  i really can 't do the 71 .  i think it is going to make my product go too bad .  if you can do 69 degrees then i'll take i can take 50 percent of the floor space if you can do 69 degreesbecause that is really important to me to get a good product .  i just don 't see how temperature is going to effect your cost for  if we okay , yeah let 's do that .  so we're going to do september 1st now , right ?  69 , okay .  okay .  thank you so much .  i said 25 , 000 .  alright!i 'm a junior yeah .  oh yeah .  germany .  hi .  yes i 'm stacey and it appears that the winery is the ye ole wine shop .  grocery , alright and we all agree that we have a couple of points to discuss , right before we come to a conclusion ?  yes .  yes .  i think that is totally reasonable yes .  yes and i can definitely see your point about your coffee shop opening early .  so umm i would probably be willing to do 7:30 as long as some of the other items work out well so yeah there isn 't a huge variations in temperatures .  73 is too warm , the wine does not do optimally above 70 degrees .  ideally it would be around 60 between 65 and 69 would be optimal .  obviously , nobody wants customers to be freezing .  so 69 might be a little cool but 69 would certainly be fine .  yeah let me think let 's put a little dot by that for now .  the floor space .  ahh definitely no more than 50 percent .  do not need more than that other wise it is going to be a waste of space .  there is just not enough wine for to cover more than 50 percent .  anything less than that would certainly is certainly fine .  yes .  um hum .  ok so 60 percent of the space for you and 69 degrees ?  yes .  so i 'd get 40% of the floor space mathematically speaking and 69 degrees .  as far as the wine is concerned the earlier the betterbecause there is no real preparation for that .  we basically just have to get the wine in and put them out .  but i understand that you have more variable products .  timing is a little bit more of an issue for you .  so my feeling is the earlier the better no earlier than may 1st but absolutely willing to go in the may june july area absolutely .  grocery , well i was thinking since i have to order stuff from oversea and that might take a little bit of time .  if we could do umm let 's say september that would be best for mebecause i really want a time to plan out things and get my employees so we can all start and they are all prepared and nothing goes wrong .  and that would be beneficial for both of us .  well unfortunately i can 't do september that is just too late .  i 'd prefer july i would be willing to consider august 1st obviously , but september is just too late .  umm 20 , 000 would be reasonable as far as i 'm concerned .  no less than 10 , 000 .  grocery , right understand that .  it 's got to look good .  it is very important especially in the dupont circle area where everything is very nice .  you've got a lot of up scale competition .  so what are you thinking for renovation costs ?  well that would give us more time so if we could spend more on the renovations i might be able to consider september 1st .  because that would give them more time to install renovations because you don 't want to rush through things .  as far as renovations are concerned i would be willing to go up to 30 , 000 but i do not need to go that high .  umm 20 , 000 would be great .  and then we could push the opening to september 1st if that works for you .  grocery , ummm , let 's see .  yeah we could do that we could do 20 , 000 .  so then we would open our store at september 1st right ?  right .  okwe had said 69 degrees right ?  i could do 71 .  not any higher than that but 71 should be okyesum humyeah let me just ok i have no complaints let things as they stand now .  how do you feel ?  i don 't think anything is absolutely ideal but that means the compromises which is reasonable .  we are not doing anything extreme .  okay , i think we're good then!hi .  hello .  grocery , so i am really looking forward to doing these businesses together .  i am really excited about it .  uhhuh , me too .  and what 's your opinion about the whole thing , about the business ?  ok me too .  yeah so just start ?  grocery , sure!well i guess the first thing that concerned me was the hours of operation .  how much of an issue is that to you ?  i think because we sell the wines and the liquorsthe later the better so .  also at late times people study for some stuff .  i prefer some later time like till 10:30 am .  so  what 's your number ?  7:30 ?  oh i think at that time people still i mean not enough people will come to get wine .  people still enjoy the parties at late time .  and also i think you don 't just do bakery right .  you do other stuff ?  yeah so it 's a grocery shop then people will need something late or so i think maybe you can just open a little bit later .  noi mean 8:30 people will still i mean just after their dinner they haven 't started their party or drinking .  yeah i think because people like to do some happy things at night .  ok this is biggest issue for youi think the biggest issue for me is renovation cost .  i just think that if we want to do this at a very later timeif we want to be famous or be really welli think we should put a lot of money on the renovation .  i want to spend 30 , 000 .  25 , 000 ?  well if you can give me 30 , 000 then i can put the time to 8:30 i think .  okay .  yes .  and then the other things will be no problem .  so you don 't have any storage there right now ?  yeah that 's true .  i can consider but september is still too late .  can we do like jul 1st or ?  because i have everything in my storageand i have all the employees .  i don 't want to train them .  why do you want to train all of the employees ?  do you have them right now ?  so you have some ?  so i just think that september is not a good time for me .  it 's too late .  uh huh .  but you have something and you can just open that and then do everything at the same time .  and this will also save you money because you can make money and then you get al the stuff .  i have , i mean frankly i have already calculated everything and i only need 40 percentbecause i only sell wine and the liquors and i don 't need too much space .  then like grocer i think .  perfect!so then can we decide what temperature do we want at the grocery ?  ok well how much ?  yeah but also i mean you have some bakeries after they have baked they should be put in the cold temperatures i think .  can we just make it like the middle temperature ?  yeah that 's ok with me .  ok that will be good .  ok so the last thing to go back over opening date .  yeah i can understand thatbut if you put that late like september i will just have no job to do for several monthsand all the employees will have no payment .  so that 's a serious problem also .  august ?  i mean i can have some extra .  i don 't know .  just after their work hours i can pay them more to help you .  but i just want to get in early opening datebecause then the employees will be happy; they will get extra payment .  and my employees are very i think very well trained .  is it early enough ?  can we just do july ?  just depends on how much trouble .  yeah i understand .  almost i think because i almost have everything .  because the earlier the best i think may the 1st is actually the time i preferso i can just do like maybut if you want september i think some time in the middle of them should be best for us that 's july .  i just don 't want to get too late .  that 's one month for everything .  yesthat 's some issue of me .  i just want the earlier the just some issue i want to be as early as possible .  yeah because it already gives me plenty of time for renovation .  i think the time is enough too .  i think it will everything will be smooth for you to find the employees , it 's not that hard .  i mean the employees is the biggest issue for you i mean i can help .  i just don 't want to put it so late .  september is too late for me .  yeah .  ok that 's no problem and i think my employees will be happy to get the extra payment .  alright then everything is settled then ?  yeah me too .  thank you .  hi i 'm joyin .  okay , let 's first talk about the operating hours .  what do you think ?  6:30 would be too early for mebecause mine is like wine house .  so i would prefer to start a little bit later in the morning but operate a little bit later at night .  7:30 ?  it 's too early .  yeah how about 9:30 ?  but you know if we open at 7:30 we will close at 7:30 at night .  so that 's too early for mebecause people usually go to bars and have drinks at night .  8:30 ?  8:30 at night is too early .  is that strange ?  yes but 9:30 is okay for me .  you're coffee shop doesn 't only sell coffee .  i mean people may come to my shop and then go to your shop and get other things other than coffee .  8:30 is too earlybecause people usually finish their dinner at 8:30 at night .  because 9:30actually originally i prefer 10:30 .  yes so i backed down .  okmine is the opposite .  so let 's move on to renovation cost .  30 , 000because appearance is very important to our customers .  ok 20 , 000 .  i will occupy 40 percent of yours ?  yeahyeahhow about for temperature ?  yesbecause i need to keep my wine at a lower degree .  71 degrees ?  !it 's too highhow about 69 degreesyes me too .  i want to open as soon as possiblebecause before our competitor comes i want to grab more business beforehand .  because i have all the wine readyi am ready for business and the sooner you open the better the business will be .  okjuly 1st ?  that is like the medium .  june 1st ?  you know my ideal day is may 1st .  okwait a minute so we agree on july 1st ?  not yet ?  um humi umm then how about ok .  that on the grand opening date maybe august 1st you want so how about you give some room for me for the operation hours .  like 9:30 .  so but i can postpone , i can allow you to open in august 1st .  we chose all the mediums for all of them .  8:308:30 and then july 1st ?  ok .  we're done , yeah .  should we call her ?  hi .  umm september the 1st is kind of late for me .  i could do , well if we could agree on some other things that are important to me i could agree to .  well i would be happy to agree to august 1st if we say i could have temperature of the store a certain temperature .  65 degreesbecause for me i could lose a lot of money if my wine goes bad .  umm well i would prefer august 1st and 65 degrees .  ummm no that 's a big difference for wine .  67 would be ok i guess .  67 degrees is more important than the date to me .  ummm 7:30 .  yeah .  let me think if .  i 'm trying to think between 67 and 7:30or say between 69 and 8:30 .  because i want the store open long enough so that people will be able to buy wine at night .  but i also want them to be able to buy wine that 's not bad .  that 's true .  yeah that would be good .  yeah .  well the ideal is yeah .  i would be willing to do , say give me 30 percent of the store and 30 , 000 renovation .  30cause if i am going to get a small part of the store at least i want it to i mean this coming out of our money so .  do we split theso that would be 15 each .  that 30 would be 15 each or 30 each .  grocery , we don 't have to think about the price it takes we just think the cost is what we should spend .  she didn 't make this very clear and detailed .  so you want 30 , 000 and 70 percent .  umm no no i don 't want 70 percent .  40 or 30% for the store .  yeahi mean if it 's going to be 40 then i definitely want 30 , 000 renovation .  umm actually , 30 i would want 30 and 40i wouldn 't mind 25 .  that 's ok because then if i have more space but it 's not as renovated i can make it up in space and just supplying more wine .  wait you want 60 percent ?  yeah but a lot about wine .  i mean all about wine is the image of the wine and the image of the store and if it looks shabby then the wine is going to look shabby and no one likes that .  as long as it 's not dirty .  dirty and antique are different .  i am more concerned with it looking clean , invitable , and like if it 's not hygienic for your food than its also not .  yeahthat 's fine .  ok .  yeahok .  yes .  7:30 but if the store closes at 7:30 people go to dupont circle after work and maybe they have dinner there and then , i guess a lot of people come to the liquor store and it is wine and stuff .  so i prefer to close the store at 8:30 .  because 6:30 is too early .  yeah , okay .  how about 8:30 ?  umm renovation costs .  because umm my wine store is liquor store is targeting to high class people and our wine are very special expensive wines so both interior and exterior of the store is so important for usso i like to spend as much as money we can for renovation .  so 3 , 30 , 000 dollars is my first choice .  umm when ?  ok actually temperature and renovation cost are important to us .  so how much floor space would you like to have ?  oh that is great because we would like 40 percent .  and i how about the grand opening dateactually we already have all the liquor and wines we are going to sell in the store .  actually the earlier the better for us , but how about temperature ?  yeah its cooler like more temperature is better for us .  ok july 1st is ok yes .  so for us the cooler is the betteryeah so our first choice is 65 but how do you think about it ?  how about 67 ?  i may go to 67 depending on how much we spend on renovation cost .  i would be willing to spend 20 , 000 in renovation cost and give you 67 degree temperature .  otherwise i would prefer to do 65 degree and then bump the renovation cost to 25 , 000 .  yes .  yes8:3025 and40 percent for me andokhey .  uhh so we have to agree on hours of operation .  and what do you want ?  right , well since i am liquor store we open laterbecause people usually buy like liquor later in the day and they really don 't go out early to get it .  so , like my ideal hours would be 10:30 to 10:30 .  um hum .  okay .  alright so renovation costs .  i want to spend a lot of money like 30 , 000 dollarsbecause that 's like you know really important for the people to think it looks nice .  like you wouldn 't want to shop somewhere where you didn 't think it looked nice .  so what do you think ?  oh no just go ahead .  yeah well we need to look ready for business .  well let 's look at the rest of them too to see .  what 's the most important thing to you ?  what do you want the temperature to be ?  and the floor space ?  what 's the best for you for those ?  um hum .  you want 60 percent ?  umm ok i want like 40 percent so we could just do that .  i'll take 40 .  what do you think for temperature ?  i need it to be sort of cold for my liquor .  that 's pretty important to meso if i went with 67 degrees maybe we could spend less on the renovation costs cause that is better for you .  the best for me would be may 1stbecause i would like to start you know selling things as soon as possible .  and that gives us enough time to get everything done that we need to .  okay .  so if we like if we open on july 1st or umm we could meet in the middle .  we could meet at 20 , 000because umm i think that will be fair .  it will still look nice but it won 't we won 't spend too much money so then you can use it for your groceries .  yeah .  yeah that sounds good .  umm let 's see alright so , i guess this looks good to me .  nice to meet you .  i guess we need to come to an agreement on several issues with the market .  yeah , i am the owner of the wine shop and you must be the upper crust grocery store .  september , that 's going to be quite late for me .  i would rather get started earlier if we can .  okay .  is that , is that of the issues , your most important issue , the date that we open ?  okay , alrighty , so. .  okay , my biggest issue is how much we spend on renovation .  so we would spend 30 , 000 on the renovation and open september 1st ?  ok , so the renovation will be 30 , 000 and we will open september 1st ?  my next most important issue is when we are open .  our hours of operation .  yeah i would like to be open later .  you want customers to come in earlier ?  yeah , my optimal is actually going to be 10:30am to 10:30pm .  if you are targetting the housewives , 6:30am seems pretty early to me to have them coming in .  do you expect to have many of them coming in at 6:30am ?  grocery , basically there is another reason for my hour of operation cause i 'm going to have a breakfast items , that 's why .  your fresh items , is that what you mean ?  so you want to have it at 71 degrees .  wouldn 't cooler temperatures be better for your vegetables ?  i actually need the temperature the cooler the better , for my wines .  and so , i would rather be open , i would rather have it a little cooler , if we are actually going to be open that early .  so i am looking at maybe having it around 69 degrees and opening  7:30 that is going to be quite early for me .  what if we go with we open form 8:30 to 8:30 and go with 69 degrees ?  let 's look , lets just cover one more thing .  so we have two covered .  what floor space do you want to have ?  you want to have 60% then i would have 40% .  perfect , lets leave that .  so you want 60% of the floor space and i take 40% .  ok , that 's agreed .  now , as far as you want to be open from 8:30am to 8:30pm , and i would like to be open okay , so if we go with 8:30am to 8:30 pm sure , i understand but you said you were willing to go with 8:30 ?  yeah , 8:30 is sort of middle for me .  8:30am to 8:30pm is middle for me , and 69 degrees is the middle for me .  grocery , 69 is the middle hold on .  my first priroty is 6:30 , 2nd is 7:30 , 3rd is 8:30 .  yeah , mine is opposite .  my ideal would be to meet in the middle , which is 8:30am to 8:30pm hours of operation and 69 degrees .  7:30 and 69 .hmmm cause the one i was saying is right in the middle for both of us .  if we go with 8:30am to 8:30pm , and 69 degrees , that 's both of our middle .  so see , i am getting the optimum in renovation costs .   \you are getting the optimum in grand opening date .  floor space we both agreed on , that i want 40% you want 60% .  so if we meet in the middle on hours of operation and temperature , then i think that 's fair for both of us .  i would get a zero value for september 1st .  okay , there we have it!yeah , we're finished .  fine , thank you .  i 'm yuta .  i 'm yuta .  yeah .  i go first ?  first is about hours of operation .  how about from 10:30 a.m .  to 10:30 p.m. ?  oh 5 o'clock ?  in the morning .  oh yeah .  yeah .  alright , the next renovation cost .  yeah .  i think you know , good working on building will attract many customersso i think we should we should spend much money .   so yeah .   i suggest like we'll like three and thirty thousand dollars .  ah yeah .  yeah my request is 40 percent for me .  yeah i would like 40% .  um , yeah .  so is it settled ?  is it floor space  40% for me we have many wines you knowso yeah i prefer ...    i 'd like , like below 70 .  below 70 degreesthe opening date .  the , the earlier opening would enable , enable us to make us money money much money .  so i 'd prefer earlier opening .  yeah yeah .  um yeah .  the renovation cost are the most important for for meoh yeah .  the second one is hours of operation and the next is temperature and the last grand opening date .  oh it sounds it sounds good .  ok so renovation cost is thirty thousand and grand opening september 1st .  oh yeah , alright .  oh yeah 7:30 ?  sorry could you   could you explain no no .  i want , i want hours of operation the later opening is , the later opening is is the better or if you agree with that i 'd like to open at 10:30 .  yeah .  yeah .  yeah that 's right .  yeah .  yeah like yeah i 'd prefer if i if we have like 71 degrees , i want to open the shop at 9:30 a.m but if  if you if you accept 9:30 a.m .  to 9:30 p.m .  then you can open the , open your shop longer in night , night , at night .  so how bout 8:30 to 8:30 ?  71  71 degrees .  yeah .  yeah .  oh thank you so much .  alright yeah .  i thought you kept like going to early morning person .  yeah .  i 'm allison .  nice to meet youwell the best for me would be a little bit later in the morning so 10:30 a.m .  to 10:30 p.m30 thousand40% .  65 degrees .  may 1stok .  ok .  right .  that 's , that 's it .  right , well what do you mean ?  oh , 240i think for the , for the hours the best thing to do would be to kinda go fifty fifty .  you know make it 8:30 to 8:30 since that 's right in the middlegrocery , wait a second  i think  how bout we can do , well it doesn 't really matter if we just go for the middle the best thing you get could yeah .  well i guess just for hours it 's kinda hard to do it any , any other way .  but , i mean i guess the thing is with liquor stores its better to well yeah and also if its open later at night cause people some people wanna like i don 't know buy liquor later at night .  i mean 8:30 's still pretty early like for you .  is there a big difference for your points there or no ?  oh , ok .  well then i could give you 69 degrees for the temperature .  i don 't know usually it seems that grocery stores are usually colderyeah .  yeah .  73 ?  what about 8:30 ?  would you do 69 ?  i mean i can 't i can 't cut it all the way down 15 .  that 's half of my , what i want .  so , the lowest i could go would be like 20 .  i 'd like 25 but i could go 20 .  grocery , 25 ?  yeah .  ok  let 's see .  so are we doing 9:30 or 8:30 ?  okay so we definitely have floor space  um let 's see .  how bout 71 degrees and august 1st ?  yeah .  9:30 i guess .  no ?  8:30 ?  i guess so  let 's see .  oh what are we doing for renovation costs , 25 , 000 ?  ok and alright um  i 'd either want to have 69 degrees or july 1st , one or the other .  cause right now you have more things than you want .  huh ?  well that was split fifty fifty well see you got temperature and grand opening .  ok .  yeah  ok .  i don 't know .  i 'd rather have the 69 degreescause it 'd be better i mean , so you would want 20 , 000 and keep the 69 degreesor what do you mean ?  i don 't know cause that 's a big lost for me in terms of points .  yeah , i mean the grand opening date   ok if we keep it the way we have it so far it would be 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40 and 60% , 69 degrees and august 1st ?  ok  it 's equal this way though .  because i get renovation costs closer to what i want , you get grand opening date closer to what you want .  we both split well floor space was already done and we both split hours of operation .  that floor space is already splitwell i got renovation cost closer to what i wanted , you got grand opening date closer to what you wanted .  and then hours of operation and temperature were split in the middle .  100120ok , deal  the endso yeah .  usually people come into the grocery store and get groceries and go they're not like staying to like enjoy the atmosphere and stuff so .  what foods needs to be preserved at 73 degrees ?  69  alright we'll just do 69 .  yeah , well , that 's the five categories and how bout we just if yours is oriented the same way left to right .  hours on then grand opening lastok so we can open at 6:30 and stay open till 6:30 or we can open at 10:30 and stay open till 10:30grocery , yeahyeah , i was hoping for later opening hourbecause that 's better for me .  you know you have people coming in during the evening and ordering wine and stuffso people come in with the lun morning run morning rush .  yeahwell i guess another question to ask is what other stuff could we do to help each other with thisyeah so obvioulsy there 's going to be some issues here  and i guess we should ask which ones would maximize our profit if we are going to be operating in dupont and stuff .   yeah either way we either hit the comu commuters in the morning or hit the wine junkies in the eveningso maybe 8:30 or so .  yeah that 's nice .  that way you get the morning crowd and i get some people picking up stuff in the evening .  ok , renovation costs so we can run from 30 , 000 to 10 , 000 .  i think that having a nice front really attracts people so it might be worth it to spend a little more there yeah  i was going to say the most expensive is 30 , 000 but it would look really good when we were done probably especially right now with all the hurricane damage and stuff .  you can construction costs are probably through the roof all over the place but i guess it really dependsyeah but think about how good it looks sometimes like comparing certain places gourmet to shoppers or something like costco .  so i guess it depends on who we're catering to partly .   in dupont we really are getting the people who are like oh my gosh i set foot in a warehouse eeep .  which is going to be a little more .  that could get complicated but i see where your coming from with that .  maybe we could do a trade off with something else .   like jumping ahead a bit for floor space .   yeah it might affect how we start with the distribution of that .  so i don 't know maybe 25 , 000 for renovation .  and come back if we have time i was going for about 40% of the floor space .  i figure give a little give more to the grocery give a little more to the shop .  ok that 's easy .  wine does better when it 's a little cooler because if its warmer it spoils and stuffso i was going i was going to have to keep it a little chilly keep it at 65 .  its cold too yeah 65 is pretty cold actuallymaybe like 67 or so .   raise it just a little bit .  that 's going to be a really high energy bill thoughok , half and half i can go with that .  ok so last but not least .  well lets see we can open on the first of may ,  , june , july , august , or september .  i was going to go more for maybecause i've got everything in storage right now so its just taking up space .  but you know .  and if we have especially if we have that may opening a lot of people go on like holiday once its gets to be more , more summery so you get you lose foot traffic to a certain extent and they still need time to get in .  yeah august is really hot and i don 't think people will be that interested in walking out and getting wine and stuffyeah i would go for june or september but i 'd really go for june because that 's better for me .  but i can see where you're coming from and especially well if you have more time will will you have more time to get more specialty goods that are really cool ?  ok , how bout we go for august and see how it works  and okyeah so just go for august .  so i guess we said 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40% , 69 , and august ?  alright one of us should probably get lynn or we'll both get her .  