i 'm jennifer .  so you own a wine shop , that 's , that 's you ?  yeah .  i like it a lot .  how 's your , how 's your wineshop doing ?  its good .  are you excited about this possibility ?  yeah .  i think its good too .  well it 's a bakery among other things .  you know , we sell a lot of breakast itemsso ?  early is really good for us .  so , ideally i 'd like to do 6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  yeah .  that 's what i figured .  yeah , i know that , i've got a little bit of give there but not a whole lot .  so ?  yeah .  we sell all kinds of groceries .  so , so once you get past , you know , 8:30 its really not gonna  , were not going to be doing much business at all .  yeah .  so ?  well it 's ?  we got a peak in the morning .  i mean we definitely want to be open ?  into the evening .  so ?  yeah .  yeah , maybe we should set that one aside for , for , a little while and ?  do you want to set that one aside for a while ?  and see ?  yeah .  cause some things you'll get more closer to what you want and somethings i'll get closer to what i want .  we'll see .  what are you thinking about floor space ?  40% percent ?  um , actually ?  so 40% for you ?  well you know what , 60% is ideal for me .  so that 's perfect .  yeah .  well good cause that seems like a nice balance .  you know , your wine will , wine will , draw people in , its flashy and ?  good .  how about temperature ?  for me , it 's um , most of my things are pretty shelf tabledso they ?  the less air coniditioning i have to pay for the better .  so ?  its good ?  to ?  the warmer the better ?  no , no there is no harm .  yes it 's just a finacial thing .  grand opening day , how are you feeling about that ?  well , we , since we really pride ourselves on service .  we really want a lot of time to be able to set up , to , to , hire people , select the right customer service orientated people and train them really well .  so we really are hoping for september 1 .  i know .  and i 'm , and i 'm sure you , you wanna get in there and start .  yes , it 's a while i know .  well , its just that we really want a quality operation .  and i feel like if we get off on the wrong foot .  you know you start and ?  no that 's not really , not a concern .  because we got our other shop running right now .  and so we'll have to do a transition over .  so its , its , september 1 , is really ideal .  well actually , were going , were going to bring the whole operation over .  but , for whatever reason we can 't bring our employees .  so we really need to hire new employees and train them .  i think because the commute is going to be too difficult .  so we'll have to , the people , we'll have to hire new people at this location .  maybe .  we might be able to , we might be able to negotiate a little bit .  just ?  so sounds like that 's kind of a sticking point for us now too .  what about renovation costs ?  so were , i think the new place already looks pretty good , we're pretty happy with how it is .  so , were , you know , were trying to keep costs low ?  you know as much as possible .  so we were , we were , shooting for 10 , 000 dollars .  i think so .  but , also like i said , i am pretty happy with the condition .  i feel like it looks pretty good already .  and i am happy with how it looks now .  yeah , that 's an area we can negotiate on , i think that if you could give some on maybe the hours or grand opening date .  i think that we could give some on the renovation .  well , i can give some on the temperature but , the , i could also give some on the renonvation .  the hours are going to more long lasting and i , you know , and that is more important to me , and the grand opening date is more important to me .  but ?  the temperature we can work with you on that and the renovation cost .  do you think you could ?  do you think you could go 8:30 on hours of operation ?  8:308:30 ?  i think that 8:30 is the lastest we can really start .  because ?  so if we give the ?  grand opening and hours are very important to you , then we might want to make sure that we ?  i don 't want to leave two tough issues for last .  you know , we're going to be working with each other for a long time .  and i want to make sure we're both happy with , i think , what we come out with .  you don 't want to start off on the wrong foot here .  i think , let 's see ?  .for renovation ?  what do you think about ?  25 , 000 thousand ?  let 's see what we think , hold that ?  andif i could get the grand opening date septermber 1rst , i would be happy to go to 65 degrees .  what do you , what do you think is the most you can ?  the latest you can go ?  let 's hold that as a possibility , the delay .  and hold the 25 , 000 dollars as a possibility for the renovation costs .  i mean were both happy with the floor space so that 's done , so that 's done. .  uh ?  the hours of operations .  to ?  if we go past 8:30 , i think were just going to miss all the breakfast , you know all the people , going into work grabbing a muffin and coffee .  i think if we go past that it 's going to ?  uh ?  i mean  , it 's a , it 's a fairly residential neighborhood .  it 's , it 's not going to be a late night operation , i don 't think .  i think 8:00 , 8:30 is pretty good .  especially when you think about winter time people are not going to be out and about that late .  and for a grocerystore/wine shop , it seems to me that 8:30 is pretty , pretty  reasonable .  people are still going to know that it 's there .  anything that they want to buy to make dinner that night they can , they'll definitely be there before 8:30 and even after dinner they can still buy it .  the 8:30 ?  yeah , i think i could do that .  okay , let 's see .  right ?  do you think , um let 's see , do you think if we for the renovation , i could even maybe go 30 if you could see your way to august 1st opening .  let me take a look at it all again .  60% for me .  i mean , i am a little hesistant because i really like september 1rst .  well ?  if you wanted to go 9:30 , i could go september 1rst .  that will work for you ?  and ?  you don 't wanna go back up to 25 for the renovation cost do you , cause that , that would help me out a little bit .  yeah were finished .  hi , my name is boand i 'd like to cooperate with you about the new grocery store .  i guess we have several problems to discuss with , like the hours of operation , the renovation; i guess we have the same issues to talk about .  what do you prefer for the hours of operation ?  yeah , it 's a little bit , like , inconvenient for mebecause the type of grocery store we sell bread , coffee , which is the breakfast issue .  so , well the , the best thing i was hoping is as early as possible like 6am , 6:30 in the morningand i 'm trying to see if we can get some agreement , like , if i open a little bit later and you move the schedule a little bit earlier , so we could be better ?  so ?  otherwise , i wouldn 't have any profit for that .  6:30 to 6:30pm .  what is the latest , like the slot you could , i mean , the earliest closing time that you could get ?  when do you prefer to open then ?  i guess that 's a little bit too late for me .  how about we skip this issue and move on to the rest and then go back to the first one ?  like 7:30 would be fine ?  cause most of work is like 12 hours per day and 7:30 is still tolerable to me just on the breakfast .  but like 8:30 is maybe a little bit too latelike , everybody is just going to work and nobody is going to buy their breakfast on their way .  sure .  well , i don 't think i 'm going to spend too much on renovation ?  cause i had done the research and i feel like it 's not a big dealand i prefer to train my employees better that could save money , like , spend less money in the renovation and train my employees with those money that i save .  so i prefer like , to spend $10 , 000 on the renovation ,  ?  cause the situation is not that bad for the hardware of the store ?  so what do you think about it ?  oh , i understand .  well , it sounds too much for me , like , the general grocery store is just like the plain store , and we just want to make the customers feel convenient so that 's why i want to put money to train my employees to be more qualified instead of , like , have a really fancy space that they probably wouldn 't find what they need .  i guess maybe there 's something that we could spend the certain amount of money , reasonable amount of money , make the store , like , match your convenience and my goals too , both on the same way .  so maybe there 's some way when we really do the renovations , make your parts more impactive , that  keep mine parts , like , plain so we could use the amount of money we spend , still match your goal .  so what do you think about that ?  yeah sure , if that works , it will be fine .  like , if we make the store open a bit later .  sure , so let 's discuss those two at the same time .  right , when do you want to open it ?  how could you make that , like , how much you want to spend and open in june ?  it 's a little tough for mebecause in that case , i won 't get much profit and ?  september 1 , that 's the ideal case .  because i want to give me enough time to train my employees .  you know training people takes time .  how about like , let 's  keep it october , i mean , sorry , august , so i open it earlier and meanwhile i'll still keep training my employees and you could spend more , i mean , i could spend more money on the renovation costs .  so we could get some balance .  sure , so that means like , i can open it in august and i spend $25 , 000 ?  it 's tough for both people but i think i can still afford that , so it 's fine .  okay , so how about the floor space that you want to keep on your side ?  i prefer to keep like 60% of the floor spacecause i have a lot of stuff to sell and i want to keep the , like , i got some problem like , keeping the renovation , i mean , the maintenance and rent fee , so 60% will be good for me .  really ?  then that 's perfect match .  and my stuff , like , i don 't really need the cool temperatureso in order to save electricity like air conditioningi want to keep the temperature as high as possible , like 73 degrees .  what is your ?  65 ?  well , in that case , i 'm going to bring myself in trouble .  so let 's see ?  yes , exactly .  how about this ?  i probably like , if we keep the temperature higher , but i put more money in the renovations , so you could install more like the cooling system , i mean , the refridgerators , those stuff in your part so you can still keep your wines and the alcohols cold , but you don 't have to keep the whole space with the air conditioning costs .  you wan to look at the whole system .  let 's see .  well , 65 degrees is still like , too cold for me .  and how about like , and i reduce it to 71 degrees ?  i guess probably the main part is the bakeries , the pastries ?  right , so i don 't sell very many fresh food .  i mean the vegetables .  i understand your difficultiesbut considering we're all businesswoman , so 67 will still like , cost me too much for the air conditioning partsbecause i really don 't need that parts so it 's a bummer for me .  most of them will just do their quick daily grocery shopping , and 71 or 73 will work perfect for them .  you know what ?  actually , if we open the store earlier , the temperature wouldn 't be that high naturallyso how about like we open it at 7:30 to 7pm ?  ,  , and maybe keep the air conditioning working at 69 degrees ?  so in earlier time , the temperature wouldn 't rise high too much and it will reduce the cost of the air conditioning , naturally .  save energy naturally .  okay , that works .  so let 's keep it at 71 and open a little later .  i understand your difficultiesbut in order to make profit for myself because i really did some research , and if , if going that way , i probably wouldn 't make much profit .  like , in some cases , i probably would lose money .  so my bottom line is eitherwe open at 7:30 to 7:30 at 69 degreesor 8:30 to 8:30 at 71 degrees .  okay , i agree with that .  exactly , i agree with that .  we can set it to run to have some experiment for the first one or two months so we can get enough information to make a little bit of judgements .  that 's a really good idea , yeah , that 's a good idea .  i was hoping they could still buy their breakfast at 8:30 .  yeah , i agree with that .  let 's just start it with this schedule and move on and see what happens .  thank you .  hi .  so according to my chart i have ...   .  hopefully you can understand what i am talking about .  i have five issues we have to talk about our operation , when we should close our space , and temperature and grand opening date .  yeah , our fifth issue i think ?  my main concern would be the hour of operation , the temperature , and the grand opening date ?  they will make me the deal but other than that we can negotiate .  floor space , well i would say so yeah .  how about you ?  negotiable , uh huh .  well ?  because ?  let me think .  yeah i can do better for that yeah , but we can think about that .  yeah i think yeah the more important issue for me is the grand opening date .  how about you ?  what is the most important issue for you ?  depending on um hum i could talk about the points right here in the packet .  the points here .  anyway , i mean i can talk about the number of points i can get right here .  secret .  anyway yeah .  how about the grand opening date ?  for me i think if the grand opening date is at spetember 1st , that would be the best for meyeah , i think so yeah .  this not work well for mebut i think umm you know we can make a deal here .  and our hours of operation , 10:00 to 10:30 yeah .  yeah temperature is very important for me you know .  my grocery store has fresh fruit; i cannot have a temperature that you knowyeah but the renovation costs i don 't want to spend much too yeah .  that 's for many reasons .  a higher temperature .  what is the temperature you think you would like to have ?  well for me temperature is more important .  i think the temperature is high the best for me .  the renovation costs is not my immediate issue .  i mean you know it is an important issue for me too but ?  .  oh that would be good for me .  so the floor space you need ?  for the floor space i need more actually .  yeah i would like to have 60 percent .  ok then .  that 's great we're done .  if i was real owner you know , the operating hours would not be that you know because in long run it 's more important .  ok , don 't worry about it .  ok , well if there is anyway i can help let me know .  umm , well celine it looks like we are going to go into business together here or we are going to put our businesses together in the same place .  umm and we both want this to be successful so there are five things we need to figure out together in order to do this project , and those are what hours we should be open , how much to spend making the place look nice , renovating; how to divide up the floor space you know who gets how much space , how warm or cold the store should be what temperature it should be and what date we want to open .  so maybe the first thing we should do is say what each of us would like on each of those .  is that best thing to do or ?  well i would like to open as early as i canbecause i serve ?  my store serves breakfastso the earlier we can open the better it would be for us .  so 6:30 in the morning to 6:30 in the evening would be the best time for me .  what would be best for you ?  what would be best for you ?  do you think people really shop for wine at 10:30pm ?  well if we open at 10:30 , we won 't be able to sell any of our breakfast items because most people want to get their breakfast items on their way to work .  yes , but we have a deli .  we have uh ?  they do give us that as an option , unfortunately that 's what i thought too .  i sell coffee , specialty pastries and other breakfast items so i have kind of a bakery and umm ?  right i wish there was a way we could just open the breakfast part in the morning but they didn 't give that as one of the options .  cause to me that would make sense .  umm ok , well let 's just find out where we are on each of the other issues and then we can figure out where we can compromise .  what about renovation costs how much do you think we need to spend to make the store look nice ?  you think it needs a lot of work ?  umm , well i had my interior designer look at the place and she is very creative and she thinks that for 10 , 000 dollars we can make it look very nice and also the outside of the store to put nice signage and some plants and things like that to make it look nice outdoors and she gave me an estimate for 10 , 000 dollars ummso we'll come back to that one too .  what about floor space ?  how much do you need ?  so you need 40 percent of the space .  well i was thinking that 60 percent would be good for us , about 60 percent of the floor space , so what do you think , would 60/40 be good on that one ?  if we had 60 percent ?  i have 60 percent and you have 40 percentdoes that work ?  ok well let 's agree on that one .  and what about temperature umm what temperature do you think the store should be ?  45 ?  65 degrees , ok .  umhmm .  that 's going to be very expensive to keep the store that cold because there are people coming in and out all of the time and the air conditioning is going to cost a lot of money in the summertime to keep it that cold .  for most of the things we sell 73 degrees would be fine .  i think we could go a little bit cooler than that .  i think 69 degree could work , cause we want it cool enough so that people feel comfortable and our food stays fresh but we don 't want to spend a fortune on electricity .  um , now what date were you hoping to open the store ?  so are you all ready ?  do you have all the things you need to open it 's going to take some time to do all the renovations and get everything ?  i would like to open as late as possiblebecause umm well first of all it is going to take some time to get the store prepared the physical space prepareda lot of the items i sell need to be ordered from overseas from abroadand the main thing is i want to make sure we hire good staff and train them well so they can give good customer service because i think that the umm ?  i don 't know but for me september 1st would be idealbecause that is a time when people are really ?  that 's a good time to open a business .  it 's a good time to start something new because people are more focused , they are ready .  i couldn 't open before august 1stbut september 1st would be even betterbecause that gives ?  that 's a better time to open a store than in august .  in august people are on vacation they are away they are not really paying attention .  right i mean to hire staff and train them .  i guess we both need to train our staff .  well umm the good thing is that i won 't have most of the items that i need to sell .  i mean the soonest i could open would be august 1stbut even that would be hard because so much of my supplies have to come from far away and so if i open before that i really wouldn 't have much to selland also i don 't think we would have the place really looking nice and have our staff all trained before then .  actually i wish it to be september 1st .  it is huge money but i think we would be better off opening in september when people are more likely to be there and pay attention .  so you are saying if i pay more of the renovation cost ?  ok well could you go for august 1st and then i would come up a lot in the renovation cost if we could go for august 1st .  i will pay for 20 , 000 .  how about august 1st and i pay 25 , 000 ?  let me think about that one .  now about these hours of operation , i really need to be open in the early morning and i can understand that you need to be open in the evening because people are often picking up wine for dinner .  that 's true but we would miss our breakfast business .  well could we say 7:30 to 7:30 ?  i just can 't do thatbecause i would completely miss my breakfast business .  yeah i wish there was .  i wish i could open just that part at 6:30 and you could be open till 10:30 with the wine cause we could close down that deli part .  well i'll tell you what .  if we can open on september 1st , then i'll compromise at 8:30 to 8:30 on the hours of operation .  you are the boss , this is your store .  september cost of 25 , 000 and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  yeah i just can 't open that sooni wish i could .  i appreciate that but we just aren 't going to be ready to open before september 1st .  i mean if we really pushed it we could make it august 1st but i just don 't think that is a very good time to open a store .  well how about if we make it august 1st  , 25 , 000 and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  ok , how about august 1st i pick up all 30 , 000 and we go 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that means that i am paying 5000 dollars more .  oh no .  so yeah i mean i can go for that extra 5000 if we can open on august 1st .  august 1st is really pushing it for me .  well it is but i think it 's going to take us a while to get the store all ready and get everything ready to open and get all of our products there so that 's really going to be ?  i just can 't do it that soon .  i just can 't do it in ?  i can 't be ready by july .  but i tell you what .  i could go a little bit later on the hours .  we could go 9:30 to 9:30 , if i could have an august 1st opening .  no i'll pay 25 , 000 of the renovation cost if we open from 9:30 to 9:30because i just can 't umm i just can 't lose that ?  8:30 is already really cutting into my breakfast business but 8:30 in the evening gives you time to pick up the crowd that 's umm you know doing recreation after dinner or picking up wine for dinner and all that you know ?  wine on the way home from work .  umm so if we go later i would need to ?  i can 't pay that extra 5000 dollars because i am going to lose a lot of business in the morning .  right but ?  so do you want to compromise from 8:30 to 8:30 on the hours ?  well i am offering to do that but i won 't pick up all the renovation costs if i do that .  i will only pick up 25 , 000 but i would absolutely need to open no sooner than august 1st .  noi would have to pay 25 , 000 of the renovation cost because i just can 't afford the extra 5000 if i am losing that breakfast business .  i am happy to pick up all 30000 if we can go from 8:30 to 8:30 and open on august 1st .  ok , 9:30 to 9:30 , 25 , 000 and august 1st .  we made a deal , yeah .  ok so if the hours are 9:30 to 9:30 , we are paying 25 , 000 in renovation costs , we are splitting the store 60 percent for me 40 percent for you .  , 69 degrees would be the temperature , and august 1st would be the opening date .  okso how did you do ?  did you do your score there ?  alright .  i got 600so umm nice to share room with you .  yeah that we don 't need to work out .  no i mean ?  how about you ?  i want 70 percent .  yeah you know , i occupy a larger space so i will pay much more rent than you .  60 percent ?  do you need so much space ?  really ?  yes i think so but i also need space .  so if i want to a little less space than i need , may i get something else such as the hour ?  you know i have breakfast for the people .  some coffee or cookie such like this , so i want to open an hour earlier .  umm , how about 6 o ?  clock ?  it 's illegal ?  ohh .  wine , i don 't know if that all applies in d.c .  but in most place it is and so we would then have to close my half of the store and the customers would have to look at products they can 't buy because it is illegal for them to purchase it that early .  but you know some workers go to work very earlier .  yeah i know , but the breakfast is very early and it will be too much workoh if we open at 10:30 , everybody will have lunch .  oh but it is only you not almost average people .  9:30 ?  i don 't think i have no business if we open that late .  it 's a main partmaybe 40 percent .  yeah .  ahh of course we can .  we can make short with the hour but can you let me open up earlier , i can give you more space .  ok so let 's open earlier and close later .  space you mean ?  yeah i occupy the 60 percent .  oh you mean the ?  i 'm sorry , wait , we should discuss floor space or ?  renovation costs .  ok .  so you need a lot of money to negotiate to renovate ?  so how much would you like to spend on your ?   ?  so you want to spend ?  so how much would you like me to spend ?  ok so i am willing to spend 10 , 000 .  so you want this space , 40 percent ?  oh excuse me .  i make a mistake .  so you want to spend 30 , 000 money .  i want to spend 10 , 000 money .  wine , ok , well according to what they gave us here which is complete i think that is finebecause i will spend 30 , 000 and you will spend 10 , 000 so total we'll have 40 , 000 dollars for renovations .  so i think that works fine .  ok so let 's move the next so ?  how about the temperature ?  how about 75 degree ?  what do you how hot do you want ?  ok i want to set the degree for 75 .  umm you want ?  ok cause i make the coffee and the cookiei want the temperature higher .  do you think temperature is a problem for you ?  you know if we turn on the air conditioner , it will cost a lot of electric .  i don 't think so .  how about winter ?  ok , so you know for me , for coffee if it is out of the container it will decrease temperature .  so if your wine is refrigerated it is ok ?  ok i think ?  so ok , i want the temperature at 73 degree .  oh how many degrees do you want ?  65 ?  i will feel so cold everyday .  do you think everyone will wear a jacket while he or she is working ?  if i was always working in a air conditioner room , i will catch a cold .  67 ?  how about 71 ?  that is the bottom of my ?  ok , so at last uh ?  you know i must train the employee for my shop and buy some stuff from the abroad .  i think we have no reason to open so soon .  umm but we can 't get prepared everything , get everything prepared for opening .  you have been ready ?  you see the spacious room and nothing is here .  how about october ?  alright , how about september ?  9:30 ?  how about 7:30 ?  8:30 , that is my bottom .  if 8:30 , i will open..you mean ?  i can 't agree with the floor space , i occupy the 60 percent .  ok we have agreed it ?  ok so i will sepetember , 9:30 .  no .  how about september , 8:30 ?  i can put the hour at 8:30 and close the shop 9:30 , is that ok ?  ok .  september and 9:30 ?  no!you just told me , i think honesty is ?  .  so uh i think my stays is our ?  so everybody must be honest with me .  why ?  now let 's be logical .  yeah so uh you just ask me if i wanted open at ?  in september you will agree 9:30 .  just a minute ago .  yeah i know so ?  you didn 't have being honest .  i can 't receive it .  alright .  it looks like we have five issues to discuss , and i don 't know if you prefer doing them one at a time or doing them all together .  but i think we should start one at a time and go over every one of them again so that i mean cause one of us is bound to be unhappy with it , with at least one outcome .  so i figure that way we can kind of minimize , you know , hard feelings and try to get to something that works for the both of us .  does that sound okay to you ?  is there a specific one you want to start with ?  i don 't know if the last one for you is the last one for me .  sure .  i would prefer september 1st , because i think that it 's very important for us to start the store by looking really good and being completely ready for everybody , and having good customer service , so i think that would be the best date .  sure , i think august 1st would be okay .  i 'd be willing to do it then .  can you just hurry up a little bit and so  , would august 1st be okay with you ?  so we can tentatively say that and we can adjust more .  another issue that we have is the renovation cost and for that , i would sugguest that we just i mean it looks like the renovation cost in total is $30 , 000and i think we should just cut it in half , and each do half .  nonono i mean , right .  i mean , the best for me would be you pay for everything , the best for you would be i pay for everything .  i mean , i think we should just cut it in half and pay 50/50 .  i pay $15 , 000 and you pay $15 , 000 .  so how much do you want to spend ?  so why don 't we cut it in half and say $20 , 000 ?  i don 't know , i think it 's more important to have good customer service than good decorations because i mean it 's a grocery store .  wine store really , the wine itself looks good .  you know ?  but. .  okay , 25 ?  for the time being , we can go over it again , alright ?  i think floor space should be the easiest onebecause we just need more space than you do .  it 's really that simple , but it should be relatively even because we don 't want one store to completely overtake the other .  so , we think that having 60% for us and 40% for you is fair .  okay ?  that was easy!alright .  we put my little arrow .hours of operation , temperature .  which one do you want to do first ?  we do breakfast foodsso we want to do it as early as possibleand i realize that it can only be a 12 hour day .  so you know , ideally , we 'd like to start at 6:30 in the morning till 6:30 in the evening .  well , i think that anything later than 7:30 would be getting opening the store itself at 7:30 , and for us , breakfast foods are out of the question , and that would be pretty much a dealbreaker for usbecause we need to be able to sell those foods .  i think the 7:30 option will still give you people two and a half hours after they finish work and if they're having a dinner party or whatever they still have time to go buy the wine and go still have their dinner parties .  i think that would be a fair cutoff  but i think anything later than that 's going to be really really tough for us .  i mean , there 's really no good option .  i think it still gives them a solid two hours to buy the wine .  like i said , anything later than 7:30 in the morning , and i mean , people are done with breakfast , they are already at work .  so i think that that 's you know , i think this one 's really important for us .  i think that 's too late for breakfast .  i mean i think that i 'd be losing more business than you would be gaining by getting an additional hour .  is that , you know , there 's way more people i think that eat breakfast between 7:30 and 8:30 than one that wants to buy alcohol between 7:30 and 8:30 , you know what i 'm saying ?  so well we can leave that unresolved if you want for awhile and deal with the temperature .  i mean , i don 't want to end on a deadlock .  for us , the ideal temperature is 73 degrees , because that 's we have a lot of fresh fruits and so that 's the ideal .  that 's right .  sure , but for people , the best people is not 65 degrees .  that 's really cold .  we don 't want people to be like i mean that 's why most wine stores have wine fridges .  i don 't know if that 's in your renovation cost but that 's really cold .  65 is really cold .  i mean , i think..if you don 't want to buy fridges , we have to kind of just cut it in half because you know and just say it 's the middle one , 69 degrees .  and that way it 's okay for you and it 's okay for me and you know ?  yeah but at the same time , if the temperature 's too low then our fruits and vegetables and fresh foods and stuff are just not going to be happy in the environment .  well , i 'm willing to drop down to 67 if you're willing say 7:30 to 7:30 for the time .  i say okay to the 67 degrees if you say okay to opening from 7:30am to 7:30pm .  then i'll say yes .  65 i think is going to be an issue because it 's really cold , it 's really cold .  i think 67 and 7:30 to 7:30 .  that i think that 's fair .  one 's better for you , one 's better for me .  how about july 1st , 67 and 7:30 ?  so are you going over all this again ?  so let 's see , 7:30 to 7:30 for the time being if we do $30 , 000 , then i don 't want to start any later than july 1st .  i have to think about this for a second .  so let 's see .  it 'd be july 1st , 67 degrees i thought of something .  yeah , i think that 's acceptable for me .  so it 'd be 60% for me for floor space , right ?  we spend $30 , 000 on the renovation cost , we keep the temperature at 67 degrees , is that right ?  open on july 1st and open from 7:30am to 7:30pm ?  we have a deal , excellent!i guess i 'm not supposed to show you this so we're done!how are you ?  i want to start to see , i 'm not from united states and i 'm not familiar with the culture here , you know my language is not good , as good as you , so maybe , sometimes i have to ask you , excuse me thank you .  the first one is hours of operation .  yeah , i can understand because you sell alcohol and people don 't buy the alcohol so early you know .  since i sell food , grocery , so maybe some people i think , most of the customers come to this shop to buy some breakfastso 10:30 is too late for me .  8:30 ?  when you go to work , 8:30 ?  you have to arrive at your company , so 8:30 for the people want to buy some breakfast , they are still late .  so maybe , how about 7:30 ?  actually , my opinion is , 6:30 to 6:30 which i know is not good for you , so i will give a little bit ground to you so maybe 7:30 is better because i actually , maybe the alcohol , the wine , can make a lot of money , so you want to spend so much money on the dcor i mean renovation ?  and in my opinion , some people just buy , some people just go into the store and buy something .  and i think our customers are just around our neighborhood , and that they don 't have another choice to buy so i don 't think so much money is worth to spend on you're right , yeah , you're right .  so why do you want to spend so many money on decoration , on what ?  i do not understand what will cost you so much money ?  yes .  you might be right .  but i still think..where should we spend the money on ?  actually , they decorate this shop already and it looks good , just okay , and there 's still some..the things in the store what do you want , just add , to spend ?  i 'm still not clear .  yeah , i agree .  you know , my friend is good at exterior and interior work .  actually , he 's my close friend .  he 's good at like that .  i think he will give you a lower price .  i think he can help us , so i think $30 , 000 is too much .  okay .  do you want to do the next one ?  i agree with you .  actually , i think we need decoration .  okay , because you really care about decoration .  i think the most .i care about the grand opening datebecause i should have enough time to hire some employees and train them as i did before , because i 'm very experienced on management .  i know the staff working in the store is very important , not only in my store but also in your store , because customers , if they are willing to come , come here , one reason is our products .  another reason is our cashier , our staff in the store .  you know , now is june , so i think i have to hire some employees abroad , and give them training about how to do in our shopso maybe , i think earliest date is september 1 .  july 1st ?  yeah , actually , our problem is to find some suitable people abroad because our customers , most of our customers are from mexico .  our people , we don 't speak spanish so i think it 's very very important to have such people who can speak english and spanish so july 1st is obviously too early , yeah .  yes , i know you give away your ground a little but august 1st actually is still earlybecause you know , some people have to decide how to hire them , train them , and settle them , and  maybe , you know , actually , i don 't have any other choice , just september 1st .  i think just over four months is not enough for us .  you know , the point is , if we don 't suitable staff , we cannot open because they don 't speak spanish , and the customer , most of them cannot understand english .  so , i think our point is , the time is enough for us to find the suitable staff in the store .  so it doesn 't with out hour of operations .  so..can you think about grand opening date over again ?  actually , on the second issue , i think i 'd be actually i want to spend as less money on the renovation costbut i know you really care about this issue , since you care mostly so i give up .  i really care about the grand opening datebecause you know i really think the staff here is the most important .  since it 's a hard issue here do you think we surely have enough time to hire and train the staff if we open on september 1st ?  do you think we'll have enough time ?  so you mean we have enough time to hire people if we open the door on august 1st ?  you think so ?  okay , if you think so , i think so , because we are coworkers , i mean , we are partners .  we are friends .  okay , so i'll agree with you .  we'll open on august 1st .  okay .  the temperature ?  what 's your opinion ?  in our country , it 's very high the temperature .  nobody cares about that .  yeah , maybe the good temperature to keep things but how about people 's feelings ?  65 degree , people will feel so cold and not comfortable .  actually , i have heard of article , research cite maybe 75 degrees goes well with people 's body .  what kind of things do you have to keep at a low temperature ?  your alcohol , wine or something ?  oh , yeah .  i know nothing about that .  how about you buy a referidgerator ?  i mean , some referidgerator to have you i mean , can keep them you can just put them in the store right ?  i do think that 's good .  actually , i think in this way you can raise your renovation cost , you can do that but the temperature i insist on 73 degreesbecause that 's the best degree , i mean , the best temperature going with people .  okay .  so , the last one ?  floor space ?  okay .  i agree .  but i think it 's over ?  but i think you raised renovation costs and you will buy some referidgerator ?  that 's a good way to solve your problem .  yeah , 7:30 .  okay , so i own the upper crust grocery shop , and i was interested in this business deal so i wanted to meet with you to see what we can arrange because i think it would be beneficial for my shop , and so i'll say what i think is most important to me because i 'd been looking at the situation andthe one thing that 's most important to me is our opening date .  that , i have a lot of exotic goods that have to come in from overaseasand so i think i need as much time as possible to get that together , so that 's one of the first , most important thing to me .  well i was thinking september 1st would be the best for me .  okay , and what we're you thinking about the hours ?  so the hours seem tricky , because i was thinking about what you would want as a wine store , and i serve breakfast , so then i would need as early as possible .  so i was trying to think about what , a business person , so they work from like 9 to 5 .  it 's kind of like , not like a restaurant but like , we have kind of like , like an upscale grocery store that has like , people tend to come in more for breakfast , because they can just grab a bagel , but like , they can also do their regular grocery shopping .  so maybe if would be nice for me to stay open a little bit around dinner time also , but i 'd definitely like a little bit of time before 9 o'clock so they can go in and get the breakfast .  i can do 8:30 , because then , since we're in dupont circle , people won 't have to work , so if they don 't have to be there until 9 , i can do that .  okay .  let 's talk about the other thingbecause the renovation because for me , like the cost of how much i can spend at the beginning depnds on how much my monthly cost is going to be .  right , so what were you thinking about temperature and floor space ?  right , also , i will be able to spend more money to help you buy coolers , like referidgerator units if we can keep the temperature higher .  it 's dry food , and then if we keep the temperature cooler , i have to pay more per month for air conditioning .  but what temperature is your house ?  mine is like 75 or like low 70s that 's what 's like you know ?  if i spend more per month on air conditioning , i can afford less on the renovation cost , because i only have a certain amount of money .  so if i have to pay more every month , that kind of decreases , like what i can pay at the start .  so i can pay more renovation , so i was thinking of 10 , 000 .  okay , so let 's say if we can raise the temperature , i can spend an extra 10 , 000 to buy more referidgeration units , like coolers and nice display cases .  if i can have it at 71 degrees , i can pay like $20 , 000 to start .  sometimes i think it 's too cold in the grocery store .  well what opening date ?  because that was also , the opening date was kind of. .  okay , so what about $20 , 000 , 71 degrees , and august 1st ?  okay , what do you want to change ?  can you still do 71 degrees ?  okay , 67 .  okay , so we agree that renovation cost is correlated with temperature , right ?  let 's see .  and you can 't do september 1st at all ?  that 's just too late .  right , right .  can $30 , 000 , 71 degrees and august 1st ?  i need some time .  oh , we never talked about floor space , maybe we should talk about floor space before we decide all of those things .  what did you want for floor space ?  for you for me ?  okay , so i would get 60% ?  that 's okay .  so now we're doing the .okay .  so you want 30 , 000 , 69 degrees and august 1st .  65 , and may 1st .  it 's very important for me to open later though .  i can pay more if it 's later .  it has to ship here , so i don 't have all of my groceries yet .  if i can do 67 degrees , could i do august 1st ?  cause then it 's much cooler .  very much less than 73 degrees .  i can do that .  are we done ?  8:30 to 8:30 , 30 , 000 , 60/40 , august 1st , 67 degrees .  okay .  nice to meet you .  how are you , i 'm eric .  inzoo ?  nice to meet you .  yes , i am .  you're korean ?  okay .  okay , well , i've been here in maryland for about five years .  sure .  try to coexist under one roof , yeah .  so you're in the wine business ?  yeah , grocery but mostly with coffee and yeah .  do you want to start with hours of operation or ?  well , what 's your preference , first of all ?  10:30 , okay , i guess if you're in the wine business , i can understand if you want to have a little later , but as you know , my shop feels..i guess i think some people would consider it to be breakfast items .  so of course , 10:30 might be a little late for me .  well , the earlier the better .  well , well , 10:30 is definitely a little late for me i think .  it probably depends on the type of item , but i think the reason why i would like to start earlier is the fact that i sell coffee and some breakfast items that i 'm hoping particularly , in dupont circle is an area where many young professionals live , hopefully in their way to work i can get some business from them .  so , of course , deliveries would be very early in the morning before traffic would start .  but you know well since in washington , many people start work early , i think many people working for the government start working as early as 7:30 or 8 o'clock .  so would well ...  you would prefer 10:30 opening of course and i 'm finishing at 10:30 at night right ?  so , what would you say to..well , would 9:30 be completely out of the question or is that something well , that 's still a little late for me , i think .  so..well , it 's actually i plan to have the bulk of my business in the morning .  so , and at what time of the day would you expect the bulk of your business to be ?  most of your business , when do you think would be the busiest time for you ?  in the evening yeah , yeah , yeah , so , so would 8:30 be ?  well of course if it 's 8:30 in the morning , it 's until 8:30 at night .  is that getting ?  okay let 's move on to the next issue .  what do you think would be important for you next ?  dcor , okay .  okay .  so as much as possible , what does that mean for you in terms of amounts ?  of course we would all love to spend the $48 , 000 ?  40 that 's still i think that 's a little high for you knowmaybe in the wine business it 's important to have that kind of flashy image you know .  people in the grocery business maybe a little less concerned about that , so .  i mean , of course , the renovation cost is something that you have to spend first and worry more about being able to recoop the cost , so .  do you still feel comfortable that amount of money ?  well , i think anyone going into any type of negotiation , even if they don 't admit it , their number 1 priority is getting what they want .  but at the same time , if we are sharing a space , it 's good to maybe not be friends but at least coexist peacefully , so i think finding a reasonable compromise would be important .  alright then , i appreciate that .  i would say probably for me , i would hmm well we've already discussed the issue but i still think the hours of operation are the most since i just..that timing being important .  i think my best time would be from 6:30 .  given that fact that many people in washington start work early and you know i would hope to do a good breakfast business and my fear is that definitely 10:30 is almost lunch time for some people .  so , the earlier the better so i think i would be willing thinking that i can increase my business by opening more early .  that i would be willing to spend a little more and then i would hope for renovation costs .  yeah , i understand that .  i would be willing to well of course , according to our chart , the top amount is $30 , 000 , right ?  and you would like to spend that much or more .  i think i would be willing to would $25 , 000 be unreasonable for you ?  well , 6:30 would be my preferred time , but as i've said , i think that the bulk of my business would be early , so you know , i might even be persuaded to meet your renovation cost a month if you would be willing to but since it seems that definitely for us , the days are switched where your business is more at the end of the day and my business is at the end of the day , so i don 't want to be completely inflexible so would 7:30 be a more reasonable ?  and opening at 7:30 .  is that somewhat reasonable for you or ?  i still..i know , maybe a little early finishing time for you .  okay .  we can yeah , we can come back to that , yeah .  okay , so we have the three other issues to discuss , the floor space , the temperature , and the opening day .  what about the temperature ?  and of course , the temperature impacts alsobecause something at warmer temperature is cheaper because it 's less cooling cost , but lower temperature my produce , things like that ?  hmm , well i think that the..probably , let me think about one thing .  i think the most of my items don 't need it too cold , and given the fact that we're thinking of a higher renovation cost , covered over the year as i've said , it 's more breads and things that do not necessarily , at least the room temperature doesn 't have to be very very cold .  particularly these days , i think the cooling and heating costs are much higher than usual because of oil prices and those types of things .  okay .  you think that 's a little higher than yeah .  but of course , even  keeping it at 65 degrees in the shop is not cold enough for a wine to be cold right ?  so what temperature do you think you would be the ultimate for your ?  okay , sure sure .  well , i think a little more than half would be the ultimate for me .  well the ultimate for me would be 60% .  of the floor space .  okay , let 's agree on 60% , very good .  that 's one item that is that good for you because i think my items require a little more space than your items but not significantly , so .  but how about the grand opening date ?  what are you thinking ?  wine , the earlier the better , but i don 't care too much about this thing .  okay , yeah in my case actually , i think that the being able to since i 'm dealing with imported foods and some sort of specialty items , i think it 's important to find some people to work for me who are understandable .  maybe a little bit of time to find somebody who 's skillful and that kind of thing , so you said around july would be ?  when would you prefer to start ?  a little later is better for me , actually since it 's already giving later .  but i think the time ?  i actually prefer to be flexible about the temperature .  earlier is still better for me , i think .  so , how about..well you would prefer to keep it around 69 degrees , you think would be acceptable ?  67 ?  okay , so , i think 67 degrees is reasonable but i think that would also be impacted by the grand opening date .  yeahwell , later the better but i think i would if you were able to open at 6:30 in the morning , i think that maybe starting in august would be okay .  starting in july would i guess be okay .  if you agree to earlier hours , i 'm agreeable to starting in the middle of summer for the starting day .  would july be okay ?  okay so at this point , we agreed on 60% floor space right ?  and so if we agree on the 6:30 start time , and well i also agree to higher renovation costs , maybe $25 , 000 , and we both agreed on 60% , and you're flexible on the opening date. .  which one is the most problem for you ?  oh really ?  okay , so how about would you be adverse to september 1st for starting date ?  how about 7:30 ?  69 maybe ?  67 then .  okay then , well , are you almost satisfied with our agreement then ?  i think we can work together thanks .  i 'm fuching .  hi , nice to meet you .  so do you want to start right now ?  okay , okay .  so , do you want to start on the hours of operation ?  is it okay to ask you your priority of the hours of operation ?  yeah , of course i understand , but actuallyi 'm going to sell breakfast , and so earlier the better .  do you think that we can , make an agreement of maybe we can .we can open the store a little earlier ?  since we're going to you know , we're going to share the space .  is it okay ?  is there any possibilities to make it earlier ?  actually , i was thinking like 7:30am to 7:30pm .  yeah but if we start at 10:30 , then at that time , i don 't think that people need breakfast , so maybe we should .how about 8:30 ?  well , i still think you know it 's too late , 8:30 in the morning do you want to skip to another one ?  maybe we should reduce the cost in the beginning ?  i understand but what if you spent that much money on renovation but it didn 't get back ?  sometimes people start a business with little bit of money and right .  so what 's your budget ?  i think $30 , 000 is too much for me , and especially i don 't think we don 't need to have like a fancy store to sell the grocery .  actually , i don 't have that much budget you know ?  i prefer to spend the money on the product quality , the quality of the product .  is it necessary to spend that much money on renovation ?  yeah , i know first impression is important .  how about we don 't put that much money in the beginning , maybe reduce the cost , i mean , don 't put like 30 , 000 or higher in the beginning .  maybe we can you know , like $15 , 000 in the beginning , and after that when we earn some money i don 't think that we can make an agreement on this issue .  yeah what if we combined these two issues together , like .  okay .  sure .  but i have to order some special items from abroad , so i need more time to prepareand so later the better .  september .  but i really need some time to get the products and to set everything .  i really need some time to hire people and train them .  but if i didn 't prepare , if i didn 't and we start our business you know , i just throw my money away you know ?  there 's no chance that i can get any money .  you know what i mean ?  i prefer to prepare everything and everything is all set and start .  i know you're ready for that but i still need some time .  okay , so you still want $30 , 000 on the renovation ?  and how about the opening date ?  august .wow .  you think , okay , if you i get august 1st .it 's so difficult .  okay if i can get opening date august , then i agree .  yes .  okay .  how about 60% ?  oh really ?  oh okay!!i need higher temperatures to preserve the food what temperature are you looking at ?  69 degrees , is that okay ?  69 degrees .  okay , done! okay .  my first choice , the earlier the better .  of course , 6:30 is the perfect time for me .  okay!okay , so we all have the same five issues right ?  the first one , the hour of operation .  okay , actually , my first concern is the opening date .  the best for me is september 1st .  i can go with the hour of operation .  6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  i see .  that would be the temperature .  yes .  okay , your opening date will be ?  okay .  fourth ?  you mean fourth ?  that'll be floor space .  60% .  okay .  that 's your fourth issue ?  so , how many percent for space you want ?  okay , but i mean , i think my first concern will be opening date .  we might need to discuss that first .  what 's your first concern then ?  renovation costs ?  okay , and how about second ?  you want 10:30 , okayand what 's the third ?  temperature ?  okay , and the fourth will be floor space .  oh , so opening date is not the issue for you right ?  okay , we can set up that , i mean .  how about we will be i mean , less , like 25 , 000 or august 1st , is that better for you ?  okay , okay , that works .  okay , i'll say , yeah , i think my first concern is the grand opening , so i 'd rather give up the renovation costs if you , i mean , agreed for the september 1st .  okay .  so , what we , we're all done with renovation costs , floor space , and grand opening date .  hours of opening hours .  so what do you want , the 10:30 one ?  yeah , but we sell the breakfast you know .  uhhuh .  so if too late , then noon 's going to buy it .  yeah , and dupont circle is pretty , like , night life place .  our food is like high temperature preserved pretty well .  we don 't need any like low temperature place you know .  i know .  can we settle in the middle ?  is that better for you ?  cuz i think if 8:30 , somebody go for work at 9am , they still can grab some breakfast , and 8:30 is not too early , i mean , 8:30 is still you can get some wine and how about that ?  um , let me see .  yeah , i'll prefer to , yeah i'll prefer to have 8:30 and yeah and how about you ?  you know , 9:30 is past the , past the office time already .  let me see .  what else do i sell ?  i know we sell breakfast , that 's why we need to open early .  then what else do we sell ?  i guess so yeah .  let me why don 't we yeah that'll work. .  how about if i can open 67 , yeah , 67 degrees and you open like 7:30 ?  no .  okay , let me let me see .  the hours of operation is your second concern right ?  so that would be very important so , middle would be best for both of us , right ?  okay .  i 'm just curious , why do you need so much money ?  really ?  okay , because i feel like i usually go to a liquor store , everyone 's just in robes and because i need time to train the people and train the employee .  okay .  we need to repeat that ?  oh , okay .  okay .  the most important thing for me , of course , is the opening time .  yeah , i cannot really open too early .  cannot .  yes .  the latest as possible for mebecause i really have a lot of training stuff and ordering the the supply .  we cannot afford to open too early .  oh that 's good then .  that 's pretty good because then we can have more flexibility .  i would prefer september .  yeah .  great .  renovation cost .  mmmhmm .  well , that 's uh yeah i can have some flexibility on that to give something to you .  so what is your preferred cost of renovation ?  you know $30 , 000 is too much , too high for me .  we don 't have the big operation , operational starting budget .  if you can go $20 , 000 that would be good .  oh yeah .  yes .  so we decide on september 1 ?  september first ?  you said you can give me some uh..concession .  have we agreed on september 1 before we go on further for opening date ?  great .  so we are set on this .  great .  uh , your turn .  your renovation cost .  renovation cost .  yeah , so that 's decided , that 's good .  wine , okay .  and we were talking about the renovation costs .  you said you wanted the highest as possible and i said no , i cannot accept that , too high .  wine , right , and i 'm saying like in conjunction with that , the time of day you want to talk about two issues at the same time ?  oh okay , i see .  umm , so , you  know , i understand why you want to open later because that 's a wine store .  and most of the customers. .  but for me , we have operation on the breakfast .  so we have to have part of time , for the early time .  no , i 'm sorry for that misunderstanding .  i said the grand opening date for the entire shop .  not the operation time .  i think i can take if you say late can i take 8:30am to pm ?  8:30 am to pm .  uh $30 , 000 i said is $20 , 000 .  $30 , 000 is way too far .  see here is a good combination of operation time and the renovation cost .  if we go 8:30 to 8:30 and $20 , 000 for renovation , will you take that ?  oh yes , i can take it , definitely if you say yes , i can take it , i can take it .  so it 's not really i 'm really open about it .  we still have another two which one you prefer to talk first ?  temperature , temperature is really a big deal for me because we i will prefer to have a big part of the store area .  yeah , they are related .  we are talking about temperature but because , since we , i prefer to have bigger part of the store area , so the temperature will a higher effect on me .  because that 's that 's cut on if you set the temperature lower , uh..higher , we can save on the electricities .  and since we will have the bigger part of the store , saving on electricity is a big issue for me .  so we prefer higher temperature .  yes .  and big area .  the bigger part of the store .  ah , not necessary , 70% , not too high .  wine , more than 50% anyway .  exactly .  not necessary , 73 of course will be ideal for me .  but you know this is negotiation .  if you get nothing , i 'm not going to get anything either .  we have to be in some middle point .  71 , we can take it ?  maybe you can follow the uh 'cause you know we uh we put renovation and operation hour together .  since probably we can also conjunction , put into conjunction the floor space and the temperature together if i use something to you on the floor .  do you prefer to have how what 's your position on the floor space ?  it 's a wine store .  it 's a wine store , right ?  you're right .  how low will that be ?  you just said 40% now on the space .  with that , how low you will go for the temperature ?  67that will be a problem because that will cost my store a lot of electricity .  although , you wanna 60% of the space .  oh yeah .  we have 60% of the space .  it 's really fair that we cut our electricity based on the space .  so i will pay like a 60% electricity .  and if that 's like uh seventy you said 67 degrees  that will be too low .  too low for me .  mmm temperature is 67 .  if you can take one , two degrees higher , that would be ideal .  i can take it definitely .  is that the point , one issue ?  we are actually talking about the cost , or the profitability to our store .  two degrees is a really big deal for the wine store ?  since you only have 40% of the store space .  and that 's really a small percentage from the electricity bill ,  , and two degrees i spend on it , temperature will not have that huge effect as , to me right ?  since you only have 40% of the store space .  and that 's really a small percentage from the electricity bill , i'll pay more on electricity .  ah , yeah right .  you it matters to you than 10% to me on the space , floor space .  probably we can go back to talk let 's stay here , let 's say .  if you have 40% of the store space , and 67 degrees , you can definitely take it ?  and i can take it if that 's 40 , 40% to you , and 69 degrees .  so i can definitely take it .  so we and um , you said it 's very possible you can take 8:30 on operation time and $20 , 000 dollars for the renovation .  how about i i can increase the renovation cost to $25 , 000 .  from $20 , 000 to $25 , 000 .  and you yield 2 degrees on the temperature to me , from 69 to from 67 to 69 .  and we keep the other two options as it is .  and degree will be 69 .  yes .  so let 's repeat to make sure we get everything correct .  8:30 to 8:30 operation time , $25 , 000 renovation cost , and 60% floor space for me .  and that will be 69 degree and september 1 is the opening time .  great .  good cooperation , nice talking with you .  well , partner , it looks like .put us in this together , we got to be able to make it work .  what 's your experience in the wine business ?  oh , i 'm doug love .  your name ?  shihua .  so if we americanize that .or maybe we can chinesify my name .  how would you do that ?  oh , okay!kurt douglas , yeah .  that 's okay .  and your name again ?  shoe ?  yeah , i 'm trying to make easy for our customers .  hey sure!is that good ?  okay , they can call you shihua when they're being official , buying the expensive stuff .  see , you've been in the wine business for awhile ?  great .  have you ever been to my little shop up there in shaw ?  nice clientele , but you know , the building is being trashed , so i gotta be out of there by the end of the year anyway .  and this opportunity that benducci 's given us is really good , right there in dupont .  what i wanted to bring up is this chart showing the temperatures , the different times a year , and that 's why i think we got to be very careful about when we open because our stock has to be protected , of course .  if we get started late in the year , i was thinking , october 1st .  benducci 's won 't have to worry about that , yeah!that would fit my schedule just perfect because i can get the stock moved in , everything closed out in the other place .  but , then benducci 's kind of fussy about that but he wants to go for labor day and i said , okay that'll work .  so we tried to do that .  you already got stock in your current store ?  well sure , it 's just that you know , summer , you gotta cart that stuff across town .  where are you located now ?  rockville , yes , so you have to come all the way down wisconsin ave .  and down to dupont , and so you gotta be careful but you gotta find a cold day in august or something .  yeah , you ought to do it later .  you can probably get it done on a weekend just before we get started and get set up .  yeah , we have to , that 's benducci 's rule!have you been to his flagship store in the bronx ?  it 's really great! i like it down the one in atlanta , it must be the third in the country .  i like it the way he 's got it arranged .  a little bit , the building 's great so it doesn 't need that much but you know , we can do signage .  absolutely .  you know , it 's going to be mostly foot traffic because you can 't park down there for anything .  yeah , absolutely .  that 's our main target .  those folks that are there early and by 6:30 , 7 , they're gone .  you get the dinner market later yeah , but they're not shopping .  it 's the folks that work around there that will be our customers .  they're going to see us , come over right after work about 5 , pick up what they need , and go home , and they're gone .  all that 's left is the hookers and the dinnergoers and stuff like that .  we don 't want to become one of the bag stores now , we're selling high quality specialty stuff .  we want people to come in and buy it , take home with it .  it 's the earlybirds that are going to be our best shoppers because they're coming in just on their way to work , and those , those joggers you  know ?  .  in the evening , they're getting their stuff at the restaurant .  no , around there it 's a restarant district .  that 's all that 's going to be there in the evening , that and the bums .  we're not going to deal with bums , i 'd hope .  we probably need a little bit of security at the front door sometimes there .  but really , the earlier we open , the better off we areand i know benducci says it 's gotta be 12 hours so i think we can make that work .  you know , i would prefer 5 .  yeah .  cause that 's when the first people get off the metro , and they're on their way to work and they got to pick up something quick before they get into work .  have all the groceries , have the newspapers , and couple bottles there that they might need for party at work in the afternoon .  so there 's a lot of opportunities there to reach the early crowd and the late crowd by being open somewhat 5 to 6 .  well , the newspaper 's there but we're going to carry outoftown papers too and that helps .  well if at 5am if they see our shop , see they can get everything at our place .  yeah but it 's scattered around; you get the paper out of the box and you get the sandwich at the deli , and it 's sort of separated .  i 'm trying to set up a onestop shop so they can get everything at our place .  no , people get there at 6 to just get a parking place .  they start work at 8 so they got to be in their little offices by then .  they won 't be coming out until 10 .  it takes couple hours to restock .  no , there 's lot of twerps but we're looking for the working bees .  no , they're the ones that're going to be coming in buying little candy bars and stuff , a bottle of wine for the well we got to..we got to be proactive about this .  we're going to be premier store on the circle .  we got to be be the place where people go , we can 't say well we're going to share a check out aren 't we ?  so it 's our store .  we gotta be able to compromise .  how about 7 ?  that would work .  we miss some of the early traffic but we get some of the later traffic .  i think that would work for both of us .  i know that the guys that work for me now don 't want to start any earlier than 7 .  i have to wake them up sometimes and drag them out to get to work .  9 ?  !we're skipping half the traffic down there if we don 't open until 9 .  there are no housewives in that neighborhood!i've seen the joggers come through at 5 , it 's an amazing group! those guys on the bicycles too , especially .  they like to come in for snacks .  they're some of the quality buyers of liquor too , so .  they're the folks that we ought to be concerned about .  well if we had a bike rack in the front , they'll feel better about it , cause you know , these guys are in their  ..they're bike messengers and they're all over town but they congregate in dupont for a raeson , because the ambiance there , and we want to be part of that and we want to reach them .  i think 7 would be perfect .  i would prefer 5 but 7 would reach both clientele , the ones that are there after work , on their way home , and we'll still reach some of the early traffic .  it would be great if i can start at 5 and you can close at 9 but benducci won 't let us .  i think a compromise is needed here because we need to reach a little bit of both of them .  i don 't think there is it 's not that big , it 's a specialty store afterall in dupont , nothing big .  hopefully it 's just the right store , convenient .  the giant in greenbelt is so big people got lost there and starved to death .  this is going to be just the right size for people to come in and feel comfortable .  well , because we're going to miss the clientele .  i think a good compromise around 7:30 7:30 is a bit late , it should be earlier , because they will have to be at that office by 8 .  i know the executives that are the wine buyers are going to get to their office by 9 or maybe 10 but they're not the main clientele , i don 't think .  they'll be the big ticket buyers but i don 't think in the afternoon except for those bums .  so what do you think ?  5:30 ?  we're going to miss all of the morning business then .  there 's no reason to open till 3 really .  well that 's the thing , i 'd like to stay open until midnight and open at 5 but we can 't do that .  what we really should do is to close in the middle of the day and just miss the tourists .  we have a lot of business coming in throughout the morning , really .  so we need to compromise on this .  you want what , 9 , i want 5 .  7 would be in the middle .  7:30 ?  we 'd still catch the mornign people in the way in and we'll be open after work when people come home .  i 'm willing to give you half an hour there , that 's why i 'm saying 7:30 instead of 7 .  well , this is just not a liquor store , it 's a combination deal and we want to have that upscale clientele who buys crackers and wine .  office parties .  i know those offices in there .  well , if we can catch them before they get to work , that 's good .  we might get some at lunch time and then yeah , the building 's great though .  it doesn 't need that much .  like i said , we need signage and i think we need a little security .  there 's some crap buildings down there but this one 's good , compared to the others .  at least it 's clean , and it 's been rebuilt inside no .no .  you haven 't seen some of the slums over in georgia avenue .  they're bad , there 's some buildings that have fallen down .  i almost rented one and it fell down before i signed the lease , it was terrible!our main expense can be signage and security at the front door , and i think we can get by with $10 , 000 .  well ?  what do you need ?  you gotta budget ?  you got a lot of money to spend ?  well , you spend your money and i'll spend 10 , 000 , we'll have a deal!how much you gonna spend ?  sure , that 's why i 'm willing to put up 10 , 000 .  i gotta see your budget .  signage is only 5000 , and security you can get for 5000 easily .  well , with the space available , i could get by with 60% i think .  well , 60% for me , that 's fine!what do you want to spend 30 , 000 on ?  i got 10 , 000 .  hi .  i mean , of course , you know , grocery , i mean , i have to sell some food right ?  so the early earlier the betterbecause all the how do you say like we go to school , people go to work , so it 's like normally before 8 o'clock .  so somebody will wake up like early so they can grab their breakfast so they can go on highway or something .  they need time to travel too .  i think it 's 6:30am to 6:30pm .  i knew that you're selling wines right ?  so you probably nobody wants to come so early and then have a look at other wine .  i know , but how about we come up with some plan , like they can order a day before and then pickup in the morning , maybe they have a party at lunch or something .  and work together .  8:30 is kind of late for me though .  is it possible , like , i can just try to help you to sell some of the wine by putting stuff or like , do you sell vinegar as well ?  because it 's my product .  hmm , ok .  then , so 7:30 will not work for you then ?  is that possible to be 7:30 ?  seems like you want 8:30 , i want 6:30 .  how about just make it 7:30 ?  like , the lower the betterbecause i mean , i just want it to be clean , because we are going to sell foods , so health concern is .but the decoration is not my main concern .  so what is your how to say your .what is the deal you want for the renovation ?  that 's kind of too much , though .  25 , 000 mmm .  okay , i don 't mind to make it fancier .  yeah , so you can use 25 , 000 and then we can open at 7:30 .  great , because i hope everybody will come and grab breakfast later .  so okay , let 's discuss about the floor space .  so what is the area ?  oh , that 's good!then i'll have 60% right ?  yeah , that 's it .  so temperaturewise , i know your wine should keep probably low for temperature ?  so what 's the best temperature for you ?  65 , 65 ?  !for me , it would be 73because criteria is all the same..are good in room temperature or something .  mmm can we buy a referidgerator then ?  oh yeah , that 's true .  mmm , so you say 69 ?  okay!so the grand opening date , i really want to train the cus i mean the our how do you way our clerks so that they have good training so they can have good customer service or things that customers need help .  so i wanted to open so that later the better .  so what is your criteria then ?  do you know , what is the date before the opening ?  like , how long it will take to prepare the whole thing to open ?  like do you have to do renovation right ?  so the store has to fix for awhile .  do you know how long that will take ?  did it say here ?  did it say here ?  i mean , the maximum latest i can open by maybe august 1st .  how about like we can  i can do some advertisement for you .  maybe we can put some papers outside the store and then they can preorder , something like that .  july 1st ?  how long is it taking ?  i mean , i don 't know how much time it takes to train the customer service people .  how about this ?  if we open at july 1st , maybe i'll share some of my experience with you so that mmm you can help to train the i mean the people to help the storebecause we are going to share the same space anyways .  if better customer service they have , i mean , we have , the more people will come , so that will also benefit the wine store .  mmhmm .  let 's see i don 't know how to stop it .i don 't want to erase .  how many points did i get ?  how many points did i get ?  alright .  martin , right ?  okay , so what 's your most pressing issue here ?  sure .  now , you're doing , you're doing the liquor store , so or the wine shopand i know that definitely your clientele want it open later at night , right ?  yeah , so i 'm willing to budge a little bit on that , because i know that i mean , i 'm going to , i have my people , you know , coming in to eat breakfast early in the morning but i know that a lot of people buy foods later on at night .  so what were you looking at ?  ooof , that 's a bit latebecause a lot of my customers are coming in at , you know , at like 6:30 , 7:30 in the morning .  so i was looking at if it could be between 7or 8:30 .  i ..don 't think i can go 10:30 .  i think 7:30 would probably be better for me .  yeah , but it' still , the thing is i still have a lot of people coming in during the morning .  wine , mmm , but for us , we sell wine .  people tend to come after their work , even after they finish their dinner , so they will come very late .  if we close at 7:30 then we will lost a lot of customers also .  i understandbut we're i 'd be cutting at that whole early market if i do it that way .  well , that 's even pushing it for me .  i think 8:30 will be more accruable .  i mean , that 's right in the middle .  8:30 , vast majority of people i figure have done their jobs by then .  can you do 8:30 ?  i think  i can do 8:30 as well , that 's not a problem .  let me mark that off here .  the ren see the renovation costs , i don 't  know what yours says , how much are you looking to spend for that ?  i'll tell you that .  that 's doable but in terms of if we're let 's leave renovation costs because that 's gotta be let 's talk about something else .  so renovation costs and floor space should be taken into account .  now..we  in terms of floor space , i've done a bit of analyses here and it looks like..i 'm going to need most of the store .  i 'm probably i think i need about 60% of the store for floor space for me to spend any money .  if i could do that , i could go higher , i could definitely give you more money on the renovation cost .  i prefer having if i had 60% of the floor space , i mean , how much were you looking for renovation cost ?  no much for this thing , how about 25 ?  it 's only a 5 grand differencei understand you're coming up with a lot of money .  that 's a lot .  i know but in terms of hours of operation , it 's not even a compromise .  i 'm losing , i 'm losing exact same amount of money from the top and from the bottom , and i 'm right in the middle for that , and i figure if you that 's not even a compromisation .  no , it 's exactly two hours from each of our offerscause , my best , i wanted 6:30 actuallybut i didn 't even suggest that and that 's two hours from you and two hours from me .  sure .  we'll come back , hey , we'll come back to that .  what else you got ?  mmmhmm .  ooodon 't you have coolers for that type of stuff though ?  you guys have coolers for that type of stuff , wine .  it works the other way around for us .  we're the vast majority of our food here is perishable it keeps at 73 degrees .  but i understand that probably i understand that 's a bit warm for you though .  no , absolutely .  that 's understandable but if i give you 65 degrees , i mean , that 's a whole i don 't know what it says on yours but i lost a whole lot of points there .  that 's a bit cold , but i tell you what .  i'll give you 67 if can do 60% floor space .  if i can do 60% of the floor space , i'll do 67 degrees for you , i think that would be good .  that 's fair , i understand that you're wine , you know .  alright , let 's see .  so we have grand opening date and the renovation costs .  what 's the minimum you 'd like to spend on the renovation cost ?  ideally , septemberbut i don 't think you're going to give me september .  cause i really the later if we get it in september , the thing is that we have more of a chance to train , according to this anyway .  if it 's september , it 's the optimal time for me because the later the better , i'll be able to train people so they'll be , they'll run the place more effectively .  but i bet you probably i could do august 1st , yeah .  how about if we did .would you be adverse to doing 20or 25 , 000 instead ?  i mean , it 's only $5000 , it 's only a 5 grand difference .  i understand , but in my half of the store , from what i said earlier , i don 't even need that much .  i only need $10 , 000 .  so me 25 grand , we spending 30 , 000 is a huge waste of money .  but i understand where you're coming from .  let 's see what this says , hold on , because i .  25 , 000 i can do because i understand your store like august 1st ?  july is too , that 's too early for me .  i 'm not going to have my people trained in time .  i can do 25 grand and august 1stbecause i mean we both yield on that one .  deal ?  perfect!alright .  so you're from the ye olde wine shoppe ?  you have some wine that your going to , your going to sell in the new shop ?  and we have some very wonderful bread products as well .  pastries and loafs of bread ...  yeah .  yes i think that 's a great idea .  people who are shopping for my products will probably yes i hope so .  what 's the most important issue for you ?  i can see that it would be better for you to start your wine later .  well , you understand that my customers would want to buy products in the morning .  they want to buy pastries on their way to work , and a cup of coffee , and a bagel perhaps .  so i was hoping to have the opening at 6:30 am and close at 6:30 .  i guess you can i can understand that 's bad for the wine busines this is true , this is true .  it 's true , it 's true .  to buy their wine early in the morning ?  yeah they can come home and purchase the wine on the way home from work .  and then buy their wine and come home to dinner .  this could work 9:30 am ?  yeah i think most people will already be at work at 9:30 .  i think people like to come in and get their coffee and get their bagel before they get to work .  and i think with traffic the way it is and people have to catch the metro early , i think i think 7:30 am is better .  i agree .  i think we'll be okay i think we'll be okay , i think our bread business will be ok .  i think people will come home after , come home , and come to the shop after work and purchase a loaf of bread for the dinner , dinner that night .  but i am worried about the pastries , that side of the business .  i 'm worried about the bagels , and the , you know , the  donuts , the donuts in the morning .  you know. .  it 's true .  it 's truesome people but have you , have you seen the lines of starbucks or the coffee shop at 7:30 in the morning ?  but people definitely want their pastries in the morning .  i think 7:30 , i think 7:30 is where we need to split it .  7:30 to 7:30 .  yes there 's plenty of time until 7:30 .  what ?  in the morning or the evening ?  but our , our , but our profits , our profits on pastries .  our profit margin on the pastries and the coffee are very high .  that 's why i want to have it open early in the morning .  are you , are you willing , are you ...    are you willing to go 7:30 ?  well let 's move on , let move on and discuss something else .  maybe we can come to a trade off .  well , we got some renovations to make , right ?  the shop is not looking to good these days .  so what time ?  i think after 6 pm people are coming out after work .  they got an hour and a half , they got from 6 to 7:30 .  but if we go to 8:30 , there is no time at all for them to purchase the coffee .  they 'd have to get to work at 9 , there going to be on the road at 8:30 .  i think for wine for wine for bread , for bread , it 's for dinner .  yeah .  no .  i can tell you there 's is a significant , theres more then ten percent difference .  are you are you why don 't we see where we stand on the next , on the next issue .  we can then come back wine , the next issue for me is we have a lot of renovations to do .  yes .  let 's move to the next one .  we can come back to this first one later .  we'll , like , we'll come back .  wine , okay .  i'll confess then i want to spend about ten thousand dollars .  i don 't want to spend a lot of money on renovations .  wine , ten thousand dollars , i think , if you'r just ten thousand you'll stop shopping , to general it will be fine it will be fine not attractive .  well , as long  our products are good .  perhaps the surrounding i just don 't think , so i think the products are more important then the way the shop looks .  how much do you want to spend ?  how much ?  twentyfive ?  i 'd be , i 'd be willing , i 'd be willing to increase it .  what about 15 , 000 thousand .  i've increased mine by 15% .  15 what are you willing ?  what are you willing to ?  25 ?  i can go as high as 20 , i can double the renovation .  i can double for ten to twenty .  that 's significant .  i can double what i offered .  wine , well , but your not , for my business because i want to attract some special customer .  they like the shopping center , a shopping place is more comfortable , more happiness for them .  you know so ?  yea .  i see .  i see .  that 's why i 'm willing to go to twenty .  twenty thousand .  i 'm willing to go to twenty thousand .  let 's move fast , let 's move on .  how much floor space are you hoping to have ?  how much floor space do you need for your wines and your liquors ?  i need , i think  i need 60% .  i've looked at the rent , the rent is a certain amount , and i've looked at how much space i need for the groceries 60 percent .  60 percent for me and 40 percent for you .  60 , 40 .  60 percent for my products , for my breads , for my pastries .  yes i want more space .  you can accept 60 percent ?  that 's acceptable ?  well , that 's fine .  okay , let 's , let 's agree on that .  let 's agree .  we'll take , i'll take sixty percent .  i 'm happy with that .  there you go .  very good .  alright .  what do you i was worried about this one .  we'll we mostly sell breads. .  and breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , they get hard and unattractiveand breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , i was hoping to put the temperature at 73 degrees .  and breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , but i was worried about this because i know that wine requires a lower temperatures   it may be too hot .  67 is good for wine .  67 is pretty cold .  i mean i keep , i keep my house at about 68 and that 's fairly cold , too cold for breads .  wine , no , no .  yeah , for your bread but you should also have other fruit you want to sell .  but we can get a small refridgerator for that .  we need a refrigderator .  we need to keep the breads at room , at a , at a reasonably room temperature .  something like 70 degrees .  i 'd be willing to accept 69 .  two degrees is significant .  but the customers who come in and buy the bread they want it to be warm and soft .  they like it to be soft wine , so your softer .  we can have , buy one just microwave .  a microwave ?  i don 't know .  no our customers , we know our customers they don 't want to microwave .  they don 't want it that hot .  they want it at a regular temperature .  maybe a nice warm bread , they don 't want hot bread .  they like it to be soft no microwave .  wine , and also they want to some because they don 't eat .  they don 't eat now they want to bring back to your office .  if they have it at high temperature that wont .  yeah i think 67 for your bread is no much problem .  i can 't go lower 69 .  airconditioning is expensive .  yes , yes , yes .  and 67 is significant cooler then 69 degrees when it comes to airconditioning .  want to see where we stand on the grand opening date .  where do you stand ?  june 1rst .  that i need to import .  september 1rst .  i can go , i want to open late , as late as possible .  wine , i can , i can accept this , just like , if you can july 1rst okay .  you , if you , i can accept the july .  you , grocery , you give me a month to go to july 1rst .  an exchange .  67too low it 's so low .  what about august , what if we went to august 1st and what if we went to august 1st and i gave you your 8:30 ?  what if i gave you 8:30 and then you give me august 1rst ?  because i need to come 9:30 opening ?  9:30 amno we talked about 8:30 am .  the people buying wine they july 1rst ?  no , no .  august 1rst , august 1rst .  you want august 1 and 8:30 .  8:30 ?  august 1rst and 8:30 ?  9:30 ?  9.30 no one will be able to come in for our pastries .  at 8:30 we may get the late crowd .  what if ?  how much do you want for renovation cost , 25 , 000 ?  are you still standing on that 25 , 000 ?  ...  i'll give you 25 , 000 for renovation costs .  if you give me 8:30 and august 1rst .  that 's well into the evening .  that 's well into the night .  wine , 8:30 pm closing is too early .  you know some people it 's too early ?  maybe the students at the school , you know .  i know that 's what i 'm saying .  i know students don 't shop .  wine , we always have business people .  you know , business people .  business people who and you have two and a half hours till 8:30 .  it 's not enough ?  i can get a package for you well , what if we made a compromise in temperature .  what if what if i give you your 67 degrees temperature i give you your 25 thousand in renovations .  i give you 25 thousand for renovations and 67 in temperaure .  and you give me august 1rst , august 1rst and 8:30 .  and you give me august 1rst ,  , august 1rst , 8:30 , 25 , 000 and 67 degrees .  and you give me august 1rst , you can have your temperature i can 't i feel that i wont have any business .  but i will have no morning , i'll have no business in the morning .  30 percent of my business in the morning will be cut off .  no .  i 'm telling you 30 percent .  30 percent .  those are my numbers .  my numbers say 30% .  9:30 ?  i'll have no business in the morning .  no business .  it 's too latethere is not much time left , there is not much time left. .  what if you give me a higher temperature and give me 9:30 .  what if you give me 71 degrees and i will give you 9:30 .  9:30 am in exchange for 71 degrees .  would you give me august 1rst ?  will  you give me 20 thousand on the renovations ?  you really want the 9:30 ?  so let 's say 9:30 20 thousand 69 and august .  thank youdo you want to start talking about all of them at once or maybe one at a time ?  sure , okay .  okay , let me flip to that .  how late ?  can i tell you something ?  well in this situation , i 'm staring at exactly the opposite end .  so , you know what i need right ?  honestly , i'll be willing to i will prefer sometime between 6:30 opening to 8:30 opening but those are the ones most acceptable to me .  probably the 8:30 will be the one that i will offer as the concession if such a situation because it 's in between the hours .  i 'm , and of course , i probably , i might be able to offer you concession on one issue and then if you offer me something on another issue , if you want to do that .  let 's just make sure of something .  is it for every issue that we're doing , like what 's the ideal for you is i 'm the opposite and not directly opposed is ideal for me , you know what i mean ?  well , i think if we want to be honest we shouldn 't consider the time or what place it is , we should probably consider how many points that we're conceding or not conceding if you want to do that .  you know what i mean ?  what do you think about ?  okay , so for renovation , for renovation , how much would you like to spend for renovation ?  mmm , what if i offer $20 , 000 ?  well for me , ideally , 10 , 000 is bestbut what if i offer you 20 , 000 , would you be willing to consider that ?  open at 8:30 and 25 let me see .  hmm , what about other issues also ?  floor space , i think i 'd like to start off proposing 70% for me and in that case , i'll be willing to .let me take a look .  if floor space , you give me 70% , i'll be willing to do 8:30 for the opening time i think .  actually , let me see .  that might be a good idea .  if i offered you 20 , 000 for renovation , if i was willing to do 8:30 but floor space you offered me 70% , and temperature , if you offer me 71 degrees , but grand opening date maybe be july 1st .  i'll prefer it to be august 1st but i'll be willing to take july 1st for opening date .  wine , well i mean , for me though , renovation and temperature is sort of more important , i mean .  so those are the two most important for you .  for me , the two most important issues are hours of operation and grand opening date .  so what i suspect here is that even though we're doing the same thing , we have different numbers .  like your numbers are probably more heavily concentrated on what is important to you and then in that instance , i should concede to you on what 's more important to you which is less important to me , and if you can conceded on what is more important to me and less important for you .  well hours of operation is the second most important issue to me .  well , if you were willing to make a concession on the grand opening date , i'll probably be willing to make a concession on hours of operation .  i wouldn 't need the grand opening date to be september 1st but see if it was august 1st that would still seem pretty good to me .  but it doesn 't hurt you a lot to have it on september 1st but it would help me a lot by the number .  mmm let me see .  9:30 to 9:30 ?  how about this ?  if we do september 1st , if we do also 8:30 to 8:30 , i offer you the 20 , 000 for renovation and we can reach some middle ground on the temperature and maybe the floor space if that is alright i 'm still a little little bit reluctant to concede on hours of operation to that extent .  you know , i still get some value but it 's significantly lesser than possible .  i think it'll be fair if we settle on the 8:30 to 8:30 .  okay , 25 , 000 on renovation cost , i'll be okay with that if we go september 1st and 8:30 to 8:30 .  so it looks like we worked out a couple of those , now at least two more .  what about floor space , like , what 's ideal for you or ?  so you like 40 for floor space right ?  okay .  temperature , 65 ?  8:30 , 25 , 40% ...  well , you mean 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40% for me , september 1st , okay .  okay , that 's fine .  i okay , i i think , i think we can agree on that .  alright .  i didn 't want to be very you know ?  so she 's just going to look at the recorder .  good how are you ?  start ?  no you can go .  okay so what do you propose on that ?  okay , i don 't like that .  my part is only for the grocery , i think 30 , 000 is too much for me .  i would say 15 .  yeah .  sure .  uh huh yeah that 's important to me too , cuz i know umm my part is grocery so i want to serve customers earlier but for you i guess you wanna serve customers later .  right , cuz when i read the questionnaire i know this will be a different issue between us .  but i would say i don 't want to go for the best of your part and the best of my part .  i would rather choose some point in between .  wine , what 's your best case ?  the best case for me , i would say is 7:30 am to 7:30 pm , but i could do a little bit better for you .  what about 8:30 to 8:30because when i told you from 7:30 to 7:30 i have automatically degrade myself .  my best part is 6:30but i know that 's not possible for you .  right , so what about , let 's choose in between 8:30 to 8:30 ?  the grand opening date .  i would prefer september 1stbecause i need to order some stuff from overseas and that 's lonely time .  so i have to the later the better .  uh huh , so what do you propose ?  then if its 65 , then i prefer september 1st .  okay , sure!uh huh .  floor space .  well according to the chart i would say 60 percent but i would really ?  that 's great , that 's great .  right .  yes .  no , so i can do at best 20 , 000 .  is it okay ?  cuz i can 't go further .  alright .  yeah .  we are done right ?  me too , me too .  um yeah .  and then for me its grand opening date , and then hours of operation , and then temperature , floor space and renovation cost .  yeah .  finished .  really .  that 's good , very good .  it 's even better then what i expect .  because we both are happy .  me too .  there 's no argument or something you know ?  yeah , my last one but i have still have at least something because to agree on temperature i get zero points on that .  what do you mean ?  730 to 730 is what you said down there .  yeah because you said this way , in this way you can umm. .  say it again please .  yes , so you say 6:30 and then 30k , also then 60 percent , 65 degrees and then september 1st .  that 's good to me .  cuz we kind of go for the extreme case .  and me too , yes , yes .  umm .  okay , first. .  so , we have a big difference between us .  first , the hours of operation you think 10:30 to 10:30 .  i sell coffee and specialty pastries and i have breakfast itemsso the earlier i open the store the better .  if i open at 10:30 , i don 't sell well .  how bout 6:30 ?  well , sounds good .  i think the renovation costs 30 , 000 is too high for me .  renovation cost. .  i couldn 't spend more then , i couldn 't spend more than 10 , 000 .  i don 't need my place to be so fancy .  30 , 000 would be impossible for me. .  you think 5 , 000 , that doesn 't make a lot of difference .  actually i don 't have to do that .  how about 40 percent for you and 60 percent for me .  okay .  that 's good , and what did you say about the temperature ?  65 ?  yeah .  um , actually i don 't need such a lower temperaturecuz my products stay preserved well at a higher temperatures , so i would think about 73 degrees .  but you can put your wines in the fridge right ?  okay , so you need the room temperature at 65 and you know i have 60 percent of the floor space , and it would cost a lot on the electricity .  wine , alright , so let 's go back and let 's link renovation cost and temperature since that seems to be our big ...  no let 's go to opening date .  is july 1st okay with you ?  july 1st ?  uhh , actually i think september the 1st will be better .  yeah , don 't you don 't you need to train your employees ?  or something like that ?  but i have to have some time to train my employees and make some provisions .  umm , okay .  i can accept that .  uhh i think you said the temperature is 73 ?  okay so we still have problem .  temperature grand opening day is september. .  okay , how bout 69 ?  yeah , just two degrees upwell you said we have agreed on september 1st .  august 1st and i'll ask for 71 degrees .  i can 't accept thatbecause i prefer the september the 1st and 67 .  yeah , that 's better than the august 1st and 69 .  for me. .  no i would say i accept .  september 1st and 69 .  how bout ?  come on just two degrees up sure , so. .  yeah .  yeah .  we're done .  yep , we should .  uh huh , so that 's the most concern about the operational time for you ?  so the most concern for you is the operation hours and renovation cost .  okay , what i 'm most concerned about is our opening datebecause i need some time to buy stuff and time to train our new employees .  so uh if i get more time it'll be more beneficial for my business .  so how bout let me think about it .  hmm i 'm not really concerned about the renovation cost , i think we can get some point at this point .  i 'm a little concerned about the operation hours because i 'm running a grocery store .  so probably people will probably buy breakfast before they go to work .  grab a cup of coffee ?  for you or for me .  you 'd get 40 percent ?  i get 60 percent that 's fine .  65i can understand why you 'd need a little bit lower temperature for your wine .  but 69 degree means i have to pay more electricity per month.because my stuff don 't need that temperature .  how about you pay a little more on decoration and i'll pay a little more on electricity .  because you know for me i think the space is good enough for me to open up a grocery store .   i don 't think there 's a need for me to decorate the place .  if we keep the temperature on 69 degree what 's your upper limit for cost of decorations .  you mean 30 thousand for me and 30 thousand for you ?  71 , let me think about it electricity .  and 20 , 000 , i pay 20 , 000 and 60 uh huh .  30 , 000 wow , let me think about my budget ,  , it 's really too much for me , i have to be honest .  i really think that 's too much for my budget .  i have to tell you that i 'm a little bit concerned about my tight budget .  because i have to pay more for my staff and especially for training the new employees .   i have to spend time and money on them .  wine , but i mean they're going to , in due time your going to have trained employees .  that 's no problem .  i think this is like a shortterm investment .  the 30 , 000 .  i agree it is a sacrifice for you but it 's going to be more of a sacrifice for you than me .  but i think in the long run that 's going to help out .  it 's going to make the place look more attractive .  and i think it 's going to help you out in the end too .  if i pay for 30 , 000 how bout we can .if we can save more on electricity on those stuff , probably i can try to pay 30 , 000 .  how bout we keep the temperature on 73 degree .  wine , tell you what why don 't we do .25 , 000 for renovation and then 71 for the temperature .  because i 'm thinking we can either do 30 , 000 and do a full 73 temperature .  or we can do 25 , 000 and 71 .  that 's as far as i can go on that .  okay ?  25 , 000 and 71 .  you got 40 percent and i got 60 percent and is it okay for you to open our new shop on september 1st ?  it seems we have pay so much in 25 , 000 and i pay 25 , 000 and for decorations .  do you think we should keep more time for that because we spend that much on decorations .  so probably we have more time to make sure everything 's all right for opening .  because i've been thinking about for me i have to start planning everything after the decorations to put the stuff on the shelf and training the new employees to become familiar with everything .  you can i don 't know for me i definitely don 't want to work in a place there is under decorations .  there 's nails , i think that 's not good for so for me i need more time for me i think more time for me to prepare better for my business .  obvious that won 't work for me .  i understand , that 's true .  i can understand that .  butprobably .  that sounds good .  the grand opening date i really prefer on september 1st to open .  i think that 's , that good for me to have time to prepare for that but hmm .  uh huh july 1st .  let me think if i could make it on time .  60 days prepare for the business .  is it possible for you to just give me 30 days more and open on august 1st ?  okay cool .  okay .  hi , so for the hours of operation what is the best for you ?  it would be totally opposite , right ?  mine is 630 to 630 .  and i 'm a grocery store .  should we go right in the middle ?  it is a grocery maybe if we focus on other points we can come back here .  for now we'll just for renovation cost , i umm for me the cheaper the better .  yeah for me i would like 10 thousand .  yeah , okay .  yeah .  is good for you ?  oh okay okay ideally it 's good for me .  wait , wait .  40 percent for you and okay that 's good .  for me 73 degrees is best .  yeah i think so .  okay .  for me september 1st would be the best .  okay .  yeah .  yeah .  uh huh .  okay .  yeah .  hi , i 'm copper .  nice to meet you .  what would you like to do , i guess , what kind of a setup do you want ?  wine , on which issue ?  i 'd go step by step ?  it 's up to you , either way .  do you have a preference ?  ok , do you wanna go step by step then ?  for the floor space , how much of the floor space do you want ?  um , i think that for all the food that i have , i think that would work if you have 40 percent and i have 60 percent .  that works for me .  ok , so we agree on that; you have 40 percent and i have 60 percent .  alright .  what 's the next issue ?  for me it would be better if we had it later , so september would be good .  how early ?  okay , why do you want it may 1st ?  is the opening date the most important to you ?  out of all of these , which is the most important to you ?  the opening date is probably the most important thing for me .  how about renovation costs; are they important for you ?  okay , because the opening date is really important to me but the renovation costs is not as important .  okay .  i would like to pay 10 thousand .  it 's not enough ?  how much do you wanna pay ?  i don 't know the total cost of renovation; should we ask ?  do we assume that the total cost is 30 thousand ?  i don 't know , should we ask them ?  okay i understand now .  how much do you want to do for renovation ?  okay , if that 's important to you , then i 'd be willing to go for the 30 thousand if we have a september 1st opening .  okay maybe not okay .  its too much difference .  for me , if you're willing to go on august 1st , then i cant go for the 30 thousand .  ahh , because september 1st is the latest time i can accept .  with which ?  okay , so that 's okay if we do 30 thousand , yeah ?  okay , so we'll do 30 thousand for renovation and september one .  for me it would be best if we're open early in the morning .  from 6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  right , because you're selling liquor and i 'm selling breakfast .  right .  for me it 's better for me to be 73 degrees .  lower is better , okay .  for me , hours of operation is more crucial , more important .  more important for you too ?  okay .  what if we do 8:30 to 8:30 ?  no .  the temperature , umm if we do the temperature at 71 , i'll do 9:30 to 9:30 .  no .  if we do 8:30 to 8:30 i can do 69 degrees .  yeah .  i guess , then if we do that then we'll have to change the renovation cost as well .  i would be willing to go for the 8:30 to 8:30 and 69 degrees .  or or , 71 and 9:30 to 9:30 .  i don 't think that would work .  no .  it is because of the food its better for it to be warmerand it will save long term on electricity costs .  right , optimally for me , it would be 73but i 'd be willing to go with 71 degrees if you were willing to go with a later opening , hours of operation .  how long has it been ?  yes i think so .  um we could do the 9:30 to 9:30 and the 69 degrees if we did 20 thousand renovation cost .  uhh , i think that the floor space i 'm okay with .  i don 't need any more floor space but the temperature i cant go that low .  i cant go to 67 .  the 69 degree would be okay if we did 8 to 8 .  yeah .  uh huh , that would be okay i guess .  wait a minute , the 69 hold on a second .  well for the 9:30 to 9:30 , i 'd rather have the 71 degrees than the 69 .  yeah , well the grand opening is probably the most important thing to me , but the hours of operation is pretty important as well .  we could do , we could do 10:30 to 10:30 and you go for 73 degrees .  how bout 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degrees and 20 thousand renovation cost ?  that would work for me .  if you do 25 thousand in renovation costs .  yeah .  no , well no .  but i can do 10:3010:30 and what did you say temperature ?  what temperature you wanted ?  i 'd do 71 if you do 15 thousand dollars in renovation cost and 10:30 to 10:30 .  right .  you sure you don 't wanna do 10:30 and 73 ?  you sure you don 't wanna do 10:30 and 73 ?  i already took the renovation cost , i took the worst option for me for the renovation cost .  no if we do 10:30 to 10:30 that 's the worst option for me .  we can do 10:30 to 10:30 .we can do 9:30 to 9:30 still no resolution .  temperature and hours of operation , what 's more important ?  so what if we did august 1 , 73 degrees and 10 to 10 ?  actually , sure you don 't want to do 71 and 10 to10 ?  yeah if we do all this one 73 degree and 10 to10 .  how bout that ?  i said 1010 and 71 .  and keep everything else the same okay .  hi .  yeah .  yeah .  so you're the owner of the , the owner of the wineshop , right ?  okay .  yeah i get em , yeah i  know dupoint circle .  yeah , it 's a , it 's a , good plan .  yeah , maybe we can just straight go so there 's five , five issues we need to discuss , right ?  so maybe we'll start from the hours of operation ?  okay so what do you think about the hours from 6:30 to , 6:30 am to 6:30 pm ?  what do you think ?  yeah i know that .  what considered families and the young people , qualities that , which they have to have .  the family , they come to buy grociers , and wine probably just after work .   for , for , some people come in the morning to have breakfast .  as you can see like you said , the young people hanging out at night and shopping for wines and just having hamburgers , working to the family and the young people .  okay so what time your thinking best for you ?  well since we need to have finished on the same route and i guess we need to reach an agreement. .  9:30 , well it 's reasonably bad for mebecause from 9:30 am then i lose the morning business .  right ?  and i guess , probably we can find a time that benefits both of us .  probably like 7:30 am to 7: 30 pm .  well .  i can give some benefit for renovation or for floor space , if we can have the time from 7:30 to 7:30 .  okay uh well , if we choose 8:30 to 8:30 then have about we have the grand opening on august 1rst .  well , to me its not readybecause i need time to train my employeesand to provide better service for customers .  so i absolutely we need more time and septermber 1st is the best time for me , but consider you then probably we can make up a time .  since , the hours of operation till 8:30 am  8:30 pm is , is , not good for me , but consider if you , if  the grand opening on august 1st , then i can take the 8:308:30 .  so 8:30 am  8:30 pm and opening on august 1rst is difficult for you ?  well , for 30 k , for 30 k that 's too much for renovation .  i mean , i'll lose all the money for training if i put all the money in renovation .  so , while there 's , there 's only budget for the training and the renovation is 30 , 000 thousand .  i mean i can agree on 20 , 000 thousand the bottom line here .  30 , 000 thousand , you know , is like initial startup money for training and renovations because we have 't made any benefit from selling stuff .  okay , so if so its ok with you if we take 8:30 am to 8: 30 pm plus the training , ok , renovations plus august 1rst ?  i see yeah i know but if we keep the temperature really low , we pay too much utlitiesand also that will hurt you , right ?  well , if we have , if we spend a lot of money on utlitiles then we push the money .  we need to raise the price in order to pay the utilities .  and then , that 's not good to us , as opposed to you and me because if we raise the price then people will just go to another place .  how do you think about 69 , 69 degree ?  well consider if you're willing to have the opening late and consider people  are going to be willing to buy wines , 8:00 pm or 7:00 pm it 's already cool outside .  so they probably don 't think the ice beer , ice wine , they probably think it doesn 't makes too much difference .  yeah .  okay , so let 's see 67 degree and 69 degrees .  is two , okay , is two degrees difference okay .  yeah , maybe , we can , okay , leave it here and then we can see about the floor space .  floor space .  floor space , i guess half having , probably having the best you not having too much wine .  while you don 't have too much wine then maybe you can consider letting me take and we can spend a little more money on renovations .  well , if you give 70% of the floor space , then i can spend 25 k for renovationsso then we pick 8:30 am8:30 pm , and 25k , and 70 percent space for me , right ?  and 70 , 67 degree and we open on august 1rst .  alright okay that 's good with me also .  okay .  okay good .  let 's stop it .  so you're a wine shop owner .  i 'm a grocery shop owner .  okay , sounds good to me .  i need to open as early as possibleif it works for both of usbecause i sell coffee and breakfast stuff and that 's a major part of my business .  but i 'm assuming you as a wine shop owner later .  later the better .  okay .  since we only have these 12 hour options , and obviously this shouldn 't be more than 12 hours but so what do you suggest for this ?  10:30 , okay .  obviously that 's too late for mecause everybody except for me has had breakfast by 10:30!so , i would propose since i would propose 7:30 to 7:30 .  most people who well who are going to buy wine and alcohol hopefully will have bought it except for the last minute people .  oh , to get up .  hmm , yeah .  right , so everybody wants to get their breakfast between 7:30 , well hmm .  let 's see .  7:30 's pretty important to me , businesswise .  so i would , i would try to stick with 7:30 myself .  so , how cause we have to share all the electricity costs and that sort of thing .  yeah , that 's why we want to negotiate the same hours of operation so that we can have you know , we can split all the bills and such .  i 'm going to be paying , well , i guess it depends on floor spacewe should probably split up ...  actually , while why don 't we work on the floor space issue first ?  because the bills will be split up that way so financially it might make a difference .  who 's going to be paying more , who 's going to have more business earlier , later , whatever .  okay so floor space , 60% of floor space would be best for me .  how much of floor space will be optimal for you ?  alright .  i'll take 60 and you're 40 .  alright .  good , get something easy out of the way .  so then our bills are going to be split 60/40 .  so the i would still say that 7:30 would be a lot better for me .  okay , let 's go at 8:30 .  right , right .  okay .  well , we'll go to 8:30 , does that work for you if we have 8:30 ?  okay , and let 's see .  so cost .  what do you what 's your priority on cost ?  sounds good to me!i think this is our combined total so i think we're going  be splitting this .  i guess it doesn 't make any difference because either we're both going to be paying 12/5 or we both will be paying 25 .  okay , let 's go to 25 , that sounds fine to me .  i think , no , we both have to agree on the same number i think .  so your priority is more renovation and my priority isokay , yeah .  25 , sounds good to me , or yeah 25 , let 's do 25 .  alright , sounds fine to me , since we don 't really understand that category , anyway .  temperature , alright , what works for you ?  you have wine what is the lower the better .  alright .  right , right .  so what about , is 71 degrees for you ?  no , it 's way too warm ?  okay .  cause my product won 't necessary spoil .  it 's just a cost thing , so .  69 ?  oh , right right right .  but just go by relative , you know ?  so , so like between warm and cold , you want less warm in the middle .  69 .  in the middle , work for me .  grand opening date , we have a little trouble opening july 1 , june 1 , may 1 because we're already in the middle of july .  so what do you think about this issue ?  okay .  i want to open as late as possible .  because i need to get some products from somewhere far awayand i want to train my employees evidently , i have idiots who need training for months .  but , i would be i don 't think i 'm supposed to be open i don 't really understand this issue very well .  i prefer to open lateri need to order special items , but yeah , i agree .  yeah , so i would take compromise july 1 .  my priority is september 1 .  see , that in theory that sounds great to me , and in real life i would say okay , but i get fewer points the more we circle for renovation costs .  so and my grand opening is a much more important issue for me .  so , if you would consent to starting in an hour earlier , it still isn 't that great .  okay , hours are more important to you and opening date is more important to me .  so how about we go to the .to compromise on the hours of operation then i think if you don 't want to budge on thati 'm going to have to stick to july 1 on the opening date .  i don 't know if we're supposed to look at each other 's charts .  like the numbers here you have small numbers here for these ?  and i have really big numbers so so yeah , so i would think relatively the opening date is more an important issue for me than it is for you but i suppose technically i should be technically trying to convince you rather than looking at your chart to determine how important it is to you .  so , in that case , you're going to need to convince me to start any earlier than august 1st .  alright .  alright!okay!sounds good to me .  we're fast , yes .  i think , yes , okay , i think i 'm not in business for a reason .  hi .  shanna .  and yours ?  enlu ?  nice to meet you .  so i guess we have some negotiating to do about this .  mmmhmm .  i am the grocery store , a specialty foods store .  so it sounds like it would be really good to have our stores right next to each other .  people will be really able to use both of them and we might be able to really increase customers by having both of them .  i don 't know what , you know , we have lot of questions before specialty goods , you know , gourmet foods , stuff like that .  so figures it goes well with wine .  so yeah .  i don 't know , we have some questions we have to sort out to see  we're going to have to do this together which is going to be interesting because we don 't know each other but i think we can do it .  do you , i guess you probably have priorities .  do you want to go over them and i can tell you mine , or ?  okay .  yeah , i think that 's you know , that 's going to be interesting .  well , obviously , the earlier the better for usbecause we sell coffee and croissants and like , like , breakfast stuff , so earlier the better for us , so , you knowso earlier the better for us , what are you thinking ?  i think the best thing for us would be from 6:30am to 6:30pm .  yeah , but the thing is people don 't really do their shopping late so we really don 't want to be open late .  i don 't think so , given our , given our , like what we sell , breakfast is really where the majority of our profits are going to be .  so i mean , it sounds like your store doesn 't sell liquor right ?  it just sells wines so it 's really something it has liquor too ?  i don 't know , i mean , do you , have you spent much time in dupont circle ?  well , kind of , i live there .  yeah , and it 's really , i mean , it kind of clears out , i mean not , not early but it 's not there aren 't clubs there or anything so it 's really more of a business people 's area ?  i mean it 's very popular but it 's businessoriented .  it really is after , you know , 8 o'clock at night , there 's noone there .  but i mean like , what you're talking about like , the latest , the latest you know we can be open is 10:30and people really aren 't hanging out at 10:30 .  the people who we're going to get are people who are there for business , the people that live there .  so i mean , really , it seems like our hours can fit more the people who actually live around there , not the people who are hanging out , because we can 't .  i mean like we can 't like , what you're talking about our people hanging out there late , is way past the when we can be open anyway .  oh , i don 't think so , people there are at work by 7am , so you know , like then they , they have to staff their parties and everything during the day so so maybe we can find something in between but i mean , really , the latest we can do is 7:30 to 7:30 .  there 's no waywe 'd just lose , we 'd lose almost all of our business .  i mean , they come in on their way to the office , that 's the thing , i mean. .  well yeah for our stuff , our stuff is you know you grab your coffee and croissant on your way to the office , or you got for a breakfast meeting , you grab the stuff you need yeah but this is more oriented towards the business people yeah , but i mean that 's just not it 's just a different crowd , like .  starbucks is really the college students on their way and this is much more , you know , towards the people who live there who are pretty rich and you know so and we're not going to be , as far as i can tell , you know , we're not going to be located right next to starbucks or anything so that 's just , i mean , that 's the bulk of our business , it 's a lot of them .  well , maybe we should try one of the other because mmhmm .  yup .  mmhmm .  let 's start with renovation costs .  i went over there and had my guy look at it and everything and i don 't think much needs to be done .  well i mean , the front really needs to be done but the inside , you know , seemed fine .  right , well definitely , but i just didn 't , i don 't think it 's going to cost that much to make it good .  probably between 10 and $15 , 000 .  well how much do you think we should spend on that ?  i could maybe i could settle for like 20 , 25 is really beyond what we could do .  there 's no way we can spend 25 .  20 is really the max .  i understand what you're saying but it 's not , i mean , that 's just really , that 's gonna to be way too much , that 's not gonna i mean , i 'm just telling you , we're not , we cannot do 25 .  there 's just no way .  we won 't back out on the contract .  it 's just it 's too much .  i think 20 we can probably swing .  i just think i think it can be done for 20 .  i mean , the buildings are in good shape .  they need design but i don 't think it should cost more than 20 to get what we need done .  well , it 's too much for what it is because the building is in good shape .  i mean , it doesn 't need to be totally renovated .  we need to do design! we need to do design but that 's not renovation .  i mean a lot of the time when you see these stores that are renovated is because they have water coming through the ceiling , and we don 't have that problem .  so i don 't think it 's that big of a you know..what we need to do is design , what can be done for 20 .  the floor space ?  well , you know , you go first .  i 'm always going first .  how much are you thinking is going to be good for you ?  40% ?  yeah , 60 would be ideal for me , so that 's cool .  let 's do that , yeah .  mmhmm .  see my concern is , like that , i really wanted it higherbecause i think that , you know , especially in the summer in dupont circle , most places keep their door open and you don 't want to be just air conditioning the outdoors .  and you know for food and stuff , we can 't have it that cold .  i mean , like 65 is just too cold .  well not though , not for the stuff that people buy on their way out and everything , like , it 's not ideally , it 's in the 70s so just for what proper you know right and you don 't want that stuff tasting like it 's referidgerated .  we don 't do that because then it wouldn 't be gourmet .  heating things up .  yeah , so it 's better to have it a little bit warmer but you knowbut so maybe it 'd be better if we found something in between because it 's just you're going to have referidgeration and stuff right for the things you're going to sell cold ?  really , i thought wine and beer are all bottled , like it doesn 't .  yeah , that 's the same thing with taste of food , like it 's better if it 's at what 's considered at room temperature which is in the 70s .  i mean like 71 would probably be ?  well no , in the 70s i said like do you think we could , like 69 ?  maybe we could agree on ?  i don 't know i mean , below that is basically referidgeration .  no , but for us , that 's like , that 's referidgeration basically , below 69 , that 's like cold for food , so we can 't , we just can 't do that .  i mean but yeah , the temperature we pick is going to be all year and you can 't well you're talking about doing all these renovations , that 's really going to push us later .  so the type of renovation we're going to have to do to get it up and ready to go will really push up past summer into like september .  yeah , especially if you want to do $20 , 000 of actually , it takes a while to do that stuff .  no because someone has to come and do everything , it takes a long time .  i mean we're just , we can 't get the inside of that store ready until september .  i mean , we have to get all the stocking and everything done and there 's just no way , i mean , wine , maybe it 's available immediately for us it 's not .  we can 't get the stuff in .  i mean , there 's just not impossible .  i 'm willing to hold on to it and open on september 1stbecause i think you know then , all the people , i mean like summer in dupont circle is dead .  everyone 's on vacation .  see i think that 's what 's going to take to turn it into a nice place .  i said like the outside is the big thing and i think that does take awhile .  i think..and for us , it 's stocking the shelves that takes a long time .  yeah , but dupont circle is i mean , i mean i just don 't think the business it 's going to be a lot better to just open in the fall and be able to kick off and have things up and running whereas if we open before that , you'll be..you know , if we open before that then we really won 't have anything to sell .  we just can 't stock the shelves that quickly .  we just can 't i think the earliest we can get it open is august 1st .  yeah no way , there 's no way we can do june .  we would be an empty store in june .  i mean , we 'd be empty .  there wouldn 't be anything to sell , so mmm .i still think august would just be so much more better .  i mean , i think we can put it some more money if we can push it to august .  i just don 't think we can get stuff in with july .  i just can 't imagine stocking the shelves that quickly .  i mean no , because we want people to come in and know exactly what 's there to get used to it .totally not .  i 'm from the benducci corporation yeah , and you're the wine shop owner ?  well , okay we have some things to discuss .  i would like to open at 5:30am .  yes , well i sell baked goods and many people come very early .  i serve many breakfast foodsso i need to open very early .  5 o'clockbecause i don 't sell much stuff for dinner .  yes , but i don 't sell many groceries , i sell mostly breads and breakfast items .  but maybe , maybe at 6:30 ?  is that better ?  wow! 10:30!what about electricity ?  you have to spend more money on electricity if you open at 10:30 .  yeah but i sell coffee and pastries , and breakfast items .  if i open at 10:30 , everybody will have eaten already .  yeah but most people go to work not 5:30 fine , but maybe 7:30 , 7:30so people who get off work have some timeand people who that want breakfast before have some time .  cause otherwise my business will just not be successful .  okay .  okay .  well , i was , actually you know as far as opening the store , i think we need to start making some money first before we start doing any renovations .  and i really , personally , i don 't want to do any renovation at all .  so well i need to buy a lot of thingsand i need to train the employeesbecause the better food i have , the more people will come .  people aren 't going to come because it 's prettier .  but i thought we were talking abut the renovation .  i mean , you can do that with $5000 ?  $10 , 000 ?  but also i can 't see having $30 , 000 to spend if you're just opening a new store .  you need to spend it on employees , you need to spend money on other things .  what if it 's not successful ?  how do you know ?  but i don 't like to risk something like that in the beginning .  would you agree to just 5000 ?  this is not a home , this is business .  you're here to make money , not spend it .  well , because i was really think about 2000 or 5000 .  would you agree to 10 , 000 ?  no , i can 't do 25 .  but i 'm trying to spend 0 and you're trying to make me spend 25 , 000 more , and half of that is what , 15 .  maybe 20 at most .  i'll agree to 20 , no more than that .  cause that 's a lot; that 's more than twice what i 'm trying to spend .  but i 'm not surei can 't make such a big risk and my business will goand if i don 't have a business , you don 't have a business , because we're in the same place .  my business benefits your businessand i 'm selling all the food and all you're selling are drinks .  yeah .  just consider the type of business , cause i 'm selling food and baked goods and you're selling winei was thinking about 70% and then 30% .  40% , for you and 60 for me ?  okay!temperature i sell baked goods and they stay fresher and better when it 's warmer .  but i would like to save money on temperature .  the higher the temperature , the better , and the food stays better .  i was thinking about 75 degrees ?  75 is hot ?  you don 't have a referidgerator ?  because i think wine needs to stay at a particular temperature , no ?  how about 74 ?  no .  room temperature is about 73 .  like 22 centegrade .  you know what , it'll actually be cold because people will get chilly and they'll want to leave .  you want them to be comfortable so i guess 65 is like , i'll come in but i'll want to leave because it 's so cold .  what about in the winter ?  if we open in september you can 't bit into a doughnut at 65 degrees , it 's gonna be hard , it 's going to be cold .  maybe 7173 ?  how about 70 ?  i cannot agree to that .  i have to be over 70 .  70 or 71because otherwise it 's unreasonable , too cold .  okay .  november ?  i need time .  maybe november is too latemaybe what about is october too late ?  yeah but they're not going to buy breakfast in the summer , they have to work , people work more , less in the summer , a lot of people don 't work in the summer .  and i need to order some things from abroad that takes some time to reach here .  i cannot open the store yet .  but i have to order a lot of specialty items because we're a specialty bread shop .  they're coming from abroad .  so it takes some time .  maybe , maybe i'll settle for september .  i have to do .  but you already have a store .  we're just trying to put the stores together , to have more customersand i just don 't think that 's going to happen in the summer when the kids are away .  because people need to be with their families .  and they won 't have time to go to the wine store to buy winemaybe when they start working and the kids are in school in september , maybe end of august .  june ?  !june ?  !no  no no .  i won 't have anything in june .  september .  i 'm giving up , i really want november .  i 'm giving up 2 months .  wine , mmm something in the middle .  i 'm saying june , you're saying september ?  let 's see , how about july ?  i mean , i could go for augustbut no way july .  i prefer novemberoctoberi could also so septemberbut the most i'll move is august .  i have no business .  i have no business .  no , august .  high school starts like last week of august .  yes ?  okay .  does she want to come in ?  yeah , hold on .  okay , thank you .  yeah , they buy more wine in the winter .  no , alcohol , wine , you drink it in the winter .  if you want , since i want to open in fall in november , october , we can decide on august 1stso you still have some summer and i still have some fall .  summer doesn 't end up until september 22nd .  buying wine ?  !no , they're like 40 year olds , buying wine .  college students don 't buy wine .  but you have a lot of college students .  you're a wine store owner .  do you want to agree on july then ?  maybe i can give in you're welcome .  well , so first of all , you're from the wine shop ?  yeah .  okay .  yeah , so we're moving into the same space and yeah hours of operation seems to be a good place to start .  so , i know as a wine what what have been the hours of operation in your store so far , like , what you how late did you usually stay open before ?  well , i was thinking maybe we can come to a compromise on this since being a grocery and having coffee and things like thatwe 'd like to open as early as possible to get that .  and the other thing i was thinking about is as well is in washington d.c .  where this will be located , they stop serving , they stop being able to stop alcohol at 10pm , so anything past 10 i don 't think would be you know , prudent to you wouldn 't have any customers .  but like , we usually open at 6:30 in the morning and stay open until 6:30 at night but i think people are shopping later and later soi was thinking maybe 7:30 ?  i was just thinking , i think like when do people .i was thinking from my own experience when i would buy wine and liquor and things because it seems like you're a more of a specialty wine shop rather than like a you know , people that are out partying want to go buy more booze or something so maybe if somebody could get you know , wine on the way home from work or something .  so i was thinking like getting off of work at like 3 or 4 so it gives them you know , three and a half hours to to get wine .  that 's a i was thinking i was thinking that the those customers are going to wine to it 's kind of we're speaking to that .  to use the title of my grocery store , we're speaking to the upper crust , you know , the sort of people , the higher class customers soi just like , i really don 't want to go any later than 7:30because that way they can still get food and coffee on their way to work especially since .where our location is going to be .  i think a lot of stores in that area have similar hours , 7:30 to 7:30 and a lot of stores close after that time because there 's a lot of bars in the area and usually after 7:30 , then people are going to the bars instead .  well , if we're both stuck on like , you want 9:30 to 9:30 and i want 7:30 to 7:30can we go 8:30 to 8:30 ?  cause then we're going to lose an equal amount of customers .  renovation .  well , i 'm thinking , i 'm probably going to have to do most renovation to the space cause it 's not set up for grocery right now , so referidgeration units and things like that , as far as dcor , i guess , we're going to have similar dcor , so it 's not like we're going to have buy separate decorating materials .  even with all that considered , like , i still can only think of having spend like $10 , 000because i would rather spend the money on getting quality like , gourmet food and training my employees and stuff .  um , how much equipment are you able to bring from your old location ?  do you have wine racks and stuff ?  what 's the 30 , 000 going to go to ?  well again , somewhere between the average would be 20 , 000 then , just half as much .  it 's twice as much as what i want to spend so actually , twice as if you..if you want to spend more than half , that 's 15 , 000 , so i would i mean , there 's no structural problem .  we don 't have to .everything 's just decorative and obviously , for the grand opening we need to have everything done in advance .  also , if you want to spend $30 , 000 , things might take a bit more time , so are you planning not that we have to negotiate the grand opening right now but in you know , in accordance with renovation costs , it seems like you are going to need more time if you really want to spend that much money .  it just seems like , i mean , i only wanted to spend 10 , 000and i think i have more .i 'm going to have more startup costs than you as far as products and things because i think you'll be able to bring a lot of that from before and so now , i mean , what are you thinking about decoration ?  so mostly on like the front of the building .  yeah , i 'm just , see it 's , it 's twice as much as what i want to spend and that 's only $10 , 000 less than what you want to spend .  i mean , is there anyway you can do 15 , 000 and maybe we could open a little earlier or something ?  okay .  so how much space do you want ?  40% ?  well yeah , i was trying to think of like , you know , we never shared the space so i was trying to think like , if you have you're going to have less room because of course , you can stock wine and things like that , and of course we talked about  our referidgeration units .  40% ...  i don 't know what that means for rent .  i 'm a little unsure about that quite yet .  yeah , exactly .  um , yeah , again , like , you know , i you compromised on the last one and i can , i'll need your support on some of these other onesso i think 40/60 is fine .  i got 60 , you got 40 .  good .  alright , so temperature settings .  is that for like , outside room temperature ?  are you going to have referidgeration units or ?  what 's the highest temperature you can go without spoiling your products ?  you can 't ?  i mean , my main concern is that keeping , especially with d.c .  summers , keeping it in a big place like this , condition at 65 degrees is going to be really really really expensive .  well , my goods , i , most of my goods can stay , they're fine up to like 75 degreesi always try i always try to keep things as high as i can you know to save us much money on heating and air conditioning things , so 65 just seems like like i'll have referidgeration units for my stuff that needs to stay colder , so that 's something you could do as well , is have compartments where , you know , you can have things that need to stay colder , colder .  i know but you can have a unit that stays at 65 degrees just like a unit that keeps my stuff that needs to be below room temperature , below room temperature .  we could share the space .  if we both have to do it , we could share the space that keeps things at a particular temperature .  because my vegetables , i'll need to keep them around 65 degrees .  but those other things that absolutely don 't need to be in the cold , and it 's just the way my way to keep everything that cold if we can have one unit and if we're really you knowif we want to split the bill in half then may be we can have that shared space that run down the middle and have one side each .  together ?  um , if i get whatever grand opening date that i wantbecause it'll it'll take awhile to get things ready , i 'm really concerned about that , because i need to go abroad and you know , talk to some , talk to some specialty products peoplei really  even 67 degrees will probably save us at least 10 , 000 a year .  i only save 5000 because we're going to compromise the 20 , 000 , and i've only saved you know just 5000 .  well i 'm going from 75 degrees to 67 degrees .  no , we don 't but the renovation cost is something that it 's just , it 's not as important .  like , the renovation cost , it 's an upfront cost but temperature , if we agree on this and we continue business for the next 20 years , it 's something that 's going to impact you know , it 's more important than like an upfront renovation cost .  so what if we did , how about , we go up to 20 , 000 for renovation , we could go 67 for the temperature , and i can pick the grand opening date ?  i would prefer september 1stthe earliest i can do is august 1st .  august 1st , 67 , 20 , 000 sounds great!well , everyone 's coming back and it 's a good time to open a new store .  we're done!get the door ?  okay .  so , what are your interests ?  if not then it 's their problem , not ours .  but anyway , so first of all , i can tell what my priorities .  i would say that the opening date is very important to mebecause you know , i understand wine store is a little bit small in size right ?  i have to buy stuff , i have to buy stuff , but for the grocery store , i have to train , you know , the size of my grocery store is , i have more things to manage before it opens so i don 't know if you , you know , do you want to talk about this first or ?  yeah .  yeah , so , i mean , we can discuss the other things also .  oh that 's going to kill me .  i won 't have enough time to start by that date .  that 's going to kill me for sure .  you go to these stores , shop at giant , you know , people have to prepare for longer period .  that 's right .  60/40 ?  okay , yeah , that 's not too bad .  of course of course , you know , i think i can compensate the smaller space with the opening date a little bit .  so if you can , we can start , opening say september , then i can split the floor 60/40 , do you think that 's a good outcome ?  yeah .  i think i can i understand you want , you want the lower temperatureand i 'd like to , we can do some balance between i can sacrifice on the temperature because i know it 's critical to you , but i want to get compensated by , for the other , rest , the other issues .  maybe we can , i think we can talk about it together and make a deal out of it .  yeah , i think , well , i would say that hours of operation and temperature are as critical to me as , same critical to me .  so we can probably do some balance between hours and temperature .  well we can , i mean i will do just i can do trade for renovation because it 's less important to me .  do you think , i mean , it may , it might sound a little bit crazy but do you think we can open from 6:30 to 6:30 , am , 6:30 am to 6:30 pm ?  i understand .  yeah , that 's true .  i agree but i think we should find a balance .  not really .  yeah but , i mean , we can do a sort of a grand place between the three .  so you can , i mean , okay , how about this choice ?  how about this..okay , 7:30 to 7:30 , renovation 20 , 000 , temperature 71 wow .  yeah , i guess we are both choosing from the top , the second item from the top in both columns ?  yeah .  so i mean , choosing the middle one is not necessarily optimal for both of us choosing the middle one because we have different weights in different columns .  so , i mean okay , yeah .  how about this ?  let me give up the lower issue .  then give me a full temperature which is 73 , then hours , then hours , say still , 7:307:30 , you agree ?  yeah because renovation thing , a little .i 'd totally give it up , basically with 0 points .  so i want to have more , compensated on hours of operation .  that 's true , okay how we do this .  give up , give up renovation costs , i lower my temperature 2 degrees which means 71 , then start from 7:30 to 7:30 .  is that a good choice ?  how about you can turn down the temperature ?  well , if that works..okay , let 's , let 's do this .  i will make it personal .  i agree , full temperature 73 degrees , i give up my renovation costs 30 , 000 , then , we start from 8:30 to 8:30 .  deal ?  wine , deal .  okay so that gives us , like , in the middle on hours of operation 8:30 to 8:30 , i basically grab the renovation costs , we do the 60/40 floor space , i give you the temperature , and i give you the grand opening date .  hmm .  alright then , yeah .  yeah , okay!we're done!deal!nice to meet you .  so since we will have shops under the same roof , so have five issues to negotiate .  so i think from the very beginning , hours of operation ?  ahh , but you know , i 'm selling something people will get as breakfast , so if past 6 or somethingpeople already out there , they want to have something to eat so from 10 , i will just miss a lot of my money or something , so .  maybe one by one is okay because if we are talk about all the issues in the same time , you're going to miss out .  wine , that 's true , that 's true .  um , okay , i would say this is a pretty important , this is one of the more important issue for me .  so is that , is it also an important issue for you ?  the hours of operation ?  yesbecause you know , people always  have this kind of thing as breakfast , right , so it should be quite early in the morningand i  think no later than 7 .  mmm , but , but will you get up ?  you only have a cup of coffee and have some break right ?  .  and you go to work and bring something .  if you don 't have that kind of breakfast , you can 't start one day of work , and i think that 's pretty important for everyone to have a very fresh start , right ?  you should have breakfast , don 't you ?  you still get up early and drive to the place , and school or company or something but you should have something like coffee , bread , bagel , doughnut , anything .  it 's a liquor store , it 's not a bar .  people just go there to buy something , not sitting there and have fun .  i think it 's a..there 's something slightly different from bar or something .  you only go out and buy some beer or wine , and go back , and have dinner with them right ?  or have party , the party begins no later than 7 or 8 or something .  it 's not that late to till 10 o'clock , because that place where people get together , it 's a place to selling liquor , wine or something .  it 's just to shop , it 's not a park .  really ?  okay , i think so because okay .  the second issue so how much would you like to offer or something ?  as high as possible ?  oh!but i mean as a shop , we're selling things , we're just selling liquor , food , and we're selling our customer service , and i think , it might be fun to have some decoration around , but i don 't think it 's that importantbecause since i know some place where they have very good decoration but people do not go there very often because they have very bad good customer service .  so i think , my point is if we can provide good food , liquor , and we can provide good customer service , people will come herebecause you know , there 's some very small places , they're not so beautiful , they're not so seem nice , but people go there because they provide good things so .  yes , including a 6 star hotel .  not many people can afford right ?  so if you spend too much money on that , maybe you might have to spend your liquor much more expensive or something .  i 'm not so sure but it will add money to the 10 , 000 15 , 000 , i can 't afford because why not choosing the mean value of that cause since i 'm selling some food and although under the same roof but do you still think it 's impossible to that much , to enhance the environment to sell food better ?  cause if i were the customer , i 'd go to place , and i have very good food , i'll remember good service , i will remember the place and tell about the place to my friends .  so i think the most important two things to me is service and their , the things they are selling , it 's not the decoration .  i think it 's already interesting to have two shops under the same roof right ?  okay .  okay .  floor space ?  i think cause i 'm selling a variety of different things so i need a little bit more space than you to display this kind of productsso maybe more than one half , a little bit more like 60 or 70 is okay for me .  i just need to display because they have different shape , different color or something .  i can 't be compressing into one book , it 's impossible right ?  so i just need some place to display them .  40% , so mine is 60% right ?  i need 60 or 70 .  wine , 60 or 70 .  yeah .  you prefer , you need 40% , so i need 60% then good .  agree ?  it 's not a fight .  we just negotiate here .  okay , here comes another important issue , temperature for us .  cause we're selling different thing , they need to be stored under different temperatures .  to me , the best thing , the best temperature 's 73 degreesbecause it can keep the food fresh meanwhile we can just save money on electricity bill .  what do you like ?  oh , 65 ?  !what 's a normal temperature , 65 ?  i thought people you know , store liquor in refridge..in referidgerator or something ?  yeah , so maybe you can store..maybe , i think most stores , shops sell liquor in the referidgerator or something and use a special instrument to store them , not the room temperature .  to me , i just place those food in the normal space , not in some special instrument .  so the room temperature is important but i don 't know , maybe to you , you just need something else to protect , for example , to give them a better taste or something ?  that 's too much , that 's a big difference .  so we have to compromise to some extent , right ?  .  if you just put all the same , put everything under that temperature , electricity bill will be unaffordable and we share that ...  we share that many expense .  right .  during the winter we can put everything outside .  we should keep the room out .  okay , 69 ?  okay .  so the final big issue , the grand opening date .  ahh , we have to talk a little bit more on this issuecause as i always insist , the most important thing for the shop is their product and their customer service , so i insist that we should hire some new person , new people and train them and only through this kind of method can be provide good customer service cause we whould be special .  we should be very special to give the best service to the customers so ...   and also , i want the grand opening date to be a very special datebecause i ordered something from abroad , so we still need some time .  i think september 1st is ideal day but , so what 's your opinion ?  all ready to go , you have old people and new people ?  yeah , they still need time .  maybe i can use , maybe i can use airmail or something to get the things faster but i still need because i have no i haven 't hired the people yet so it 's impossible because if you open your shop , i 'm still not ready so , can you please ?  so if i can open august 1st cause i really need time to train them .  you know , we hire people , we asked them to go through interviews , and it 's a very long process .  we decide which one can go , we have to train them , and they must behave get used to a team , to work together , and get familiar with all kinds of things because you know , selling things if they know much better about the product or history or anything , they will serve the customer better so i don 't think it'll be enough time cause they sell different things .  they still need time .  so how about july 1st then ?  okay .  ready ?  my name is laura .  junnan ?  nice to meet you .  , so you are the ye old lots of different things .  it'll be kind of like a grocery store , fruits and vegetables , dairy , meat , bread , everything , just , a lot of like , prepared stuff also ,  , what kinds of wine are you just going to sell wine or are you going to sell different kinds of liquor , or what are you going to be selling ?  , it kind of overlaps with some of the things i'll going to sell like salads and stuff , but we'll just make sure to have different kinds .  , yeah , five issues , which , where would you like to start ?  , i don 't think if we can do that , i didn 't think to ask that .  , and you can stay open as late as possible .  , of electricity , okay .  , i don 't know if we can do that or not .  , maybe we should come back to that one then .  ,  ,  , maybe when she sticks her head in we can ask her then .  , okay , i personally would like , the building needs a little bit of work .  , oh , definitely .  , like were you thinking 20 , 000 ?  you want to spend 25 ?  okay , maybe we can meet in the middle somewhere on that .  , how about if okay , i want to spend 10 and you want to spend 25 ,  , i thought we were going to wait on that one .  , okay .  , okay .  , how many , what degrees are you looking at , how many degrees are you thinking ?  , that 's true , it is important .  , my other important issue is the opening date .  , that 's true , that 's true , but i think to a degree , they need to get some background .  , what , what , august 1st is ?  , i can do the 25 if we can do 71 degrees .  , i thought you wanted , you said you wanted august 1st .  , i thought because you mentioned august 1st , that was your ideal start date because that 's what you had said .  , okay , let me see .  , the grand opening date , that was an important issue to you , i understand that .  , well , temperature is not ideal for me either , ideally , i would like it 73 .  , right , right .  , okay .  , okay , i recognize the grand opening date , what 's the other one ?  , right , and the grand opening date .  , what do you mean ?  , 30 ?  30% .  , okay , so we start with the hours ?  well , i prefer 6:30 to 6:30 .  yeah , that 's why , cause i sell some breakfast stuff .  yeah , that 's why i can 't open really late .  9:30 ?  well , 9:30 to 9:30 will be too late for breakfast .  so i guess we need to pick something in betweenlike 7:30or 8:30 .  sure , well let 's , let 's leave this open , say 7:30 or 8:30and then we can go to the next one .  we can come back .  so the renovation costs , well i would prefer 10 , 000 .  what 's your ?  yeah , i see your point .  well , i think i can , i can take a step back up the well you know , if i can get better deals on other items .  you know , i 'm more flexible with this one .  yeah , i 'm , i 'm mostly concerned about the time , the hours of operation and the grand opening date , that 's my most important issues .  40% ?  mmm , so i'll take 60% , that 's good .  yes .  yes , and the temperature ?  well , i do have a lot of grocery items which do not need low temperature , so the best for me is 73 degrees .  i guess for you it 's lower ?  okay , let 's see , how about the grand opening date ?  oh , for me , the problem is , i need to order something from other countries far awayand also i need to train employees , so that takes some time .  so for me , it 's the later the better .  i see we have different schedules here .  i think you know , just given in this chart mmm well for the study , they're not really considering the current date .  right , right .  it 's really hard if you open that early because i still need so many things for preparation , so hmm .  june or julyaugust ?  hmm .  67 degrees .  well okay .  so 67 degrees and hmm .  how about this , hours of operation 7:30 , is that okay for you ?  yeah , no .  8:30 then how about 69 degrees ?  69 degrees , 8:30 , august 1st .  wine , this is fun , i really like this .  i 'm like okay , let 's see .  let 's see .  i would go with 8:30 , $20 , 000 in renovation costs , 67 degrees and august 1st .  hmm .  yeah , it is very important to me .  i think yeah!mmm .  i guess , yeah , i can do that .  yeah , agreement!okay , great!yes .  so yeah , i think they intentionally got the difficult charts for us .  so we're like on different schedule all the time , well except for floor space .  yeah .  i 'm looking for 6:30 to 6:30 .  what time do you want to open ?  i can 't okay , well if i give you 9 , we're going to have to go the other way on one of these other options .  i'll be willing to take 8:30 .  sure .  i 'm looking at 15 , 000 .  we're talking about total cost here , not so what 's your offer here on no , get back to renovation cost .  okay , alright .  so you want to take 40% ?  well , let 's see here .  i 'm actually looking to minimize costs here , so so you're saying you're right .  i 'm looking to minimize the cost .  no , it 's the total cost .  this is only one cost .  if it 's 10 , 000 , it 's 10 , 000 for both of us , that means it 's right .  so you wanted the 30 , 000 right ?  that 's 30 , 000 for person so 60 , 000 ?  right .  no , but it doesn 't work like that .  we're setting a price on cost and it 's separate from floor space .  i mean , you can 't say that if the cost is 30% for you then you only pay 3000 .  okay .  if we're going to do it can 't be lower than that ?  then the most i 'm going to have to take up 70% of the space then .  okay .  so i i 'm gonna go on 25 , 000 and i 'm gonna go for 70% of the space .  no , 70% , that'll be for me , yeah .  right .  okay , i 'm just looking to save on the ac here , electricity costsso i 'm looking at 73 degrees to start with , that 's why .  okay .  you want 67 ?  mmmhmm .  it might be comfortable but it 's also i 'd be willing to split it at 69 or we're going to have to go my way on the , on the grand opening .  okay .  i 'm looking as late as possible .  i gotta buy speciality items and staff to train .  here , why don 't we relate these two .  temperature , i can go to 67 degrees if you're willing to go to august 1st .  no ?  okay , i'll go for 69 degrees , i'll go for july 1st .  no ?  if we open at july .  hmm , i don 't know .  i well i have no idea how much it 's going to costand i've already looked into that so okay .  okay , 67 , i 'd be willing take i'll go for 65 if you go for , if you go for august .  yeah .  okay .  no , we didn 't really decide that .  we just decided we'll leave that .  so we did decide renovation cost would be 25 , 000 .  why don 't we just split it down the middle , you know ?  i mean , i've done the market analysis here .  i mean , i have a good idea of what people are going to be buying , coffee , bagels , things like that in the morning , so nobodyhow many people go grocery shopping at 9:30 ?  no , i don 't think so .  i mean let me just think about it for a second here .  here 's a deal , here 's what i'll do .  i will take 8:30 or we're going to have to renegotiate one of these other options here .  to 30 , 000 ?  sure , that works for me .  8:30 to 8:30 , 30 , 000 on the renovation cost , 70% for me and 30% for you , 65 degrees well , nice to meet you .  so , i guess the first thing is first .  we should talk about what 's going on .  i 'm really excited about moving into this new location .  hopefully , we'll get a lot more business this way .  and i think in dupont circle , this will definitely attract a lot of attention .  sure , sure .  i mean , i , i could see , i guess , i could see now a way to spending a little more on the renovation but in that case , just because of all the stuff i may be bringing in from out of state and everything , maybe it would be possible for , i don 't know if you've thought about how much , how we're going to divide the store upbut i was thinking that it would be better for me if i were able to spread outbecause just my , my inventory is so diverse that i really want to be able to kinda present in a , in a more spare fashion .  i don 't like the look of like the convenience store where things are piled right on top of each other , so maybe if i could get a larger portion of the store , like about 60% of the floor plan , then maybe i could , i could definitely see a way to spending more on the renovations to kind of so that way it'll kind of even out for me at least .  okay , so how much would you like to spend i guess on the , renovations ?  yeah .  no i mean that , i think i can do that , i think we can do that .  i mean if , as long as i have more space to spread out my goods , i think i would be okay with i i could definitely see my way to spending the 30 , 000 , so i can do that .  i guess we should also , we should probably decide now that none of nothing is final until we actually say it at the end .  just in case , so yeah .  i guess for me , the most , the absolute important number 1 thing for me is thatbecause again , i have to collect all these things from far away , my other stores , i haven 't really , we don 't have a lot of inventory to spare my other stores .  so i 'm not sure when you would like to open but i would definitely like to have alot of time to get all these goodsand i guess also for doing all these renovations will have to allow for some time .  but i think for me the earliest i'll be able to do it , or the earliest i 'd want to do with septemberbecause i've got , i just have all this time collecting all this goods and everything so i don 't know if i'll be able to really have my part of the store ready if it was any earlier than that .  we have 15 minutes .  mmhmm .  well , in much the same way as all of these issues , i feel the exact opposite way .  well , my customers are i 'm hoping we're going to have a little deli counter with bagels and cream cheese and coffee and so i guess about we're hoping to get about half of our business from the early morning shoppers , the people that are on their way to work , so not necessarily going grocery shopping but going to work and i guess stop and get some breakfast .  we're hoping to take way some of the crowd from that starbucks next doorso i guess for me , the earlier the better .  i had kind of hoped that we could open at basically a time when noone would be at work yet so as early as 6:30 but i mean , i wouldn 't mind opening a little later either i guess , most people don 't start working until 9so maybe if we opened at 7:30 that would be okaybut i i 'm just i 'm pretty , i 'm pretty firm about the idea of having this kind of breakfast counter with the bagels and i don 't think that would do very well after 9 o'clock am for instance .  i don 't think we 'd get anyone to come in and get bagels and coffee whatever at 9 o'clock , i think .  yeah , well the nice thing about our breakfast meal is that coffee and bagels and cream cheese are really really easy to make and really cheap to buy , so it our profit margin , the kind of profit we're looking at from the breakfast crowd would be significantly higher than , than if we didn 't have the breakfast crowd at all .  so i don 't know , we were kind of hoping to make maybe 40% of our revenue off of just these breakfast foods and everything because like i said , we're next to starbucks but we're in dupont circle where a lot of people has this kinda antiestablishment feeling and probably feel guilty about going to starbucks and if we can take some of those customers away to come into our store , that would be i think would we would be able to get a good portion of our business from that .  well , i guess we can also , we can also talk about that closing time because you , i guess , if we're looking to stay open , if we're only going to be open for 12 hours , it 's clear that we definitely want to make sure that , cause i mean , i i can 't imagine someone coming in at 6:30 am and buying wine .  so i definitely understand the need to have the store open a little later too .  so if we my issue is just that i want to get the store open and running and have a few people in there before 9 o'clock , so i would love to have it open at 7:30 just for that one hour and a halfi was hoping we could really get a lot of people in there and also i mean , most people are out of work at 5:30 , 6 o'clock and so we'll still be open for that , that kinda wine shop thing and people could come in after work for grocery shopping too and they'll , they'll grab some wine and vice versa .  i 'm sure you guys will bring in some clientele for me if we're still open at 7:30 .  that , i guess that 's kinda been true in surburan markets like out , out in the suburbs when people are driving to work but we're looking at , like the kind of people we're grabbing or at least i 'm picturing our clientele , in dupont circle , you're not going to be driving to the grocery store anyway , there 's not parking lot , so i mean , the only way that they can even get there is , is by walking unless they took the metro of course as well but i mean , parking in dupont circle , the only time that you can really find a spot in dupont circle is exactly at 6:30 cause that 's when the parking restrictions are lifted .  so i mean parking , basically , i 'm picturing our customers just either , either being those rare people who are driving through and see a spot at 6:30 and maybe they want to stop in for a minute .  these won 't be like , these won 't be long time shoppers .  these are going to be people that are going to be picking up a bottle of wine on a way to a friend 's party , and just not , you know , not going to be browsing for a long time .  and i mean , same thing , i think that people that are leaving , that are walking by are more likely to stop if they see us open when they're actually walking home from work rather than going home and then kinda resting up and then coming back out because we have kind of a young , you know , we have a young crowd that 's going to be out to bars and having fun with their friends , so , i don 't know so i 'm kinda picturing our clientele to be the kind of person that would finish work and then they would stop if they saw the open and if it 's convenient but they wouldn 't necessarily go home and then come back .  well the other thing of course is about the , the wine sales is that in washington d.c .  you can only buy wine until 10p.m .  you can only buy liquor in grocery stores in washington d.c .  until 10pm .  so i think i mean , i think that are customers are pretty are probably already expecting this and they don 't i don 't think that the crowd in d.c .  goes to the and certainly goes shopping for wine in the late evening hours because they know about the restrictions and everything and i think that if we were well i can see an advantage to being the only , like one of the only stores open , i also think that we if we stayed open you know past kind of these late work hours , i think we might be one of the only stores in the entire area that 's still area so people aren 't going to expect anything , so i don 't know , i just can 't picture people being attracted to come out and go grocery and wine shopping much later than 7:30 or 7:30 o'clock or whatever .  i mean i guess know how you feel and you kind of feel how i feel so maybe we should move on again and restrict ourselves to our time , so the temperature .  i'll admit i 'm not that experienced with wines so i 'm not sure what the ideal temperature is for storage of are you telling us it 's 5 minutes ?  great .  i guess for me , since i'll have a lot of my groceries in locked cases , referidg not locked but in referidgerated casesi was kind of expecting that the temperature should would be a little warmeronly , just to only to save some money cause i mean we're already spending a lot of money on renovations , and we're going to be , you know , i don 't know , if we're opening , the earlier we open kinda the i , i , i would just prefer to cause the earlier we open the more money we're already going to have to spend because it 's going to be summer and we'll have to worry about heat , heat air conditioning costsso i guess i would prefer to keep the temperature a little warmer than that , only for the sake of keeping the place , keeping the place above water in terms of the rent moneybut i do see the point for sure about the storage of the wine .  so you said the ideal storage for storage temperature for wine is 65 degrees ?  okay , well , maybe i guess since we only have 5 minutes we should kind of work out these last issues .  so well , i guess if that were the case , and we 'd be spending the extra money on the or what i guess i would kind of see as more money on the heating , i would at least like to have until august to open up the store .  okay , so it looks like right now we're saying 8:30 , renovation costs 30 , 000 , 60% floor space for me 67 degrees and august 1st ?  okay , i can definitely agree with that .  although i haven 't added up my points .  okay .  excellent to do business with you , i 'm really looking forward to doing this whole thing working out .  how'z it going ?  i 'm a.j .  what 's your major ?  cool , cool .  i 'm government .  alright , so i guess , what do you want to talk about ?  just go down yeah .  my preference would be 6:30am to 6:30pm .  just cause i sell coffee , we want to get the morning crowd .  what 's yours ?  i have no idea .  i think for me , the latest i 'd be willing to go would be like 8:30am to 8:30 pmcause after that i couldn 't do too much business .  yeah well , i , i will make you it won 't do any good 10:30 or 9:30 , just lose too much business .  like 8:30 wine , i don 't think you'll lose too much business because a.j , do want to go on to the next issue ?  do you just want to go on to the next issue ?  yeah , sure .  so , what 's your preference for renovation costs ?  30 , 000 , alright , and mine mine would be 10 , 000 .  yeah but yeah for my needs , it 's just what it is you know ?  10 , 000 would be the best for me .  so all you need is 30 , 000 .  so  floor space ?  you only need 40% ?  and i 'd like first choice would be 60% .  you only need what ?  40% ?  so we .  i 'm not sure why but i want the store warmest , because my food stays better warm , unfortunately .  of the trade , so , i don 't really know but and then alright , what 's your grand opening date ?  and i 'm supposed to be waiting for stuff because i need to get stuff .  the earliest ?  i 'd just set such bad precedent if i open before july 1st .  anything before july 1st , i wouldn 't , you know , we wouldn 't be prepared and we 'd lose too much money for whatever .  so if i open later oh yeah , definitely .  if i open later yeah , i could go up to 30 , 000 if we went up to september 1st .  noi'll only be willing to go up to 30 if we went to september 1st .  so , what 's your , what 's your most important issue to you ?  because mine is the grand opening date , and after that is the hours of operation .  so renovation costs ?  renovation costs are your most important , and my most important is grand opening date .  so if i get , i 'm much happier getting  the september 1st and paying 30 , 000 if possible .  like that 's just going to be better for me , and i don 't know if it 's the same as for you , if they'll be a higher better for you .  so i and as far as the temperature , is temperature more important than hours of operation to you ?  yes .  so , yeah for me , temperature is a little less important but so , so , yeah , temperature is less important than hours of operation .  well i 'd do i would actually do better if we did , the best i can do on comrpomise would be , so if , most important for me is this septemmber 1st and then the hours of operation in the morning , and then i 'd give you the rest , whatever you want on the rest .  wine , i can 't do that .  i just couldn 't , i mean , really , that 's , that 's 4 months of lost lost earnings for me and that 's not , and you're you told me earlier that you can get stuff by july so there 's no use well no , july would be like , july that 's what i 'm saying .  i 'm saying  i could do july but if i did july , i 'm going to have to do , also i 'm going to have to do no , that 's what i 'm saying .  what i 'm trying to say is , my most important issue is going to be the grand opening date .  that 's going to be best next is the hours of operation .  so the more you give me on the hours of operation , and grand opening date , the more i can give you on renovation costs , otherwise , we should just hit it in the middle across the board .  that 's my second most important issue .  temperature and renovation costs are my two most least important issues .  no , the , hours of operation is way more imporant than the renovation costs for me .  i don 't know if that 's the case for you .  so , okay , so september 1st so alright , what 's the best for you ?  what 's the best for you ?  hold on , okay , you said 9:30 to 9:30 , september 1st , 30 , 000 , and 65 degrees .  so you're happy with 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , okay .  well , let 's see .  i 'd be better off , just striking in the middle on all of them .  that 's not good for you ?  and i mean , so , what let 's try , let 's try , let 's try to maximize both those things right ?  oh , that 's not what we're supposed to do ?  well if we both maximize it , like maybe we can both maximize it more than what we would if we did completely , i 'm not sure .  it might be the case , it might not be .  well yeah , i 'm saying , even if we're negotiating outside the point system , we're going to try to do it to cooperate whatever is best for both of us .  so i 'm saying like , i want i need to get , i need to get my most important stuff , you need to get your most important stuff .  and if it 's the case that we can both be better off by doing that , that 's going to be good .  so i 'm telling you what i 'm going to be better off doing , do you see what i 'm saying ?  so i 'm saying this is what 's most important , right wine , i know what 's most important to you .  and i understand what 's most important to you , renovation cost ?  well no , i didn 't , i did not agree upon it , i was just trying to figure out , i was just trying to figure out what 's going on .  i do not recall saying this .  i 'm sorry , maybe i misspoke .  but the thing is , i think i was trying to say , september 1st and 6:30am to 6:30pm for $30 , 000 and 65 degrees .  well that 's what are you willing to cooperate are you going to just try to heavyhand me and get it ?  i don 't know , i don 't know what is really , like if i give you two , you give me two , you know that 's what i 'm thinking here .  i 'm saying , if these if i give you my two most important things and you get your two most important things , that 's how i think i'll be going to be best offering this negotiation .  otherwise , i 'm only willing to go down the middle .  so , those are the two alternatives i 'm willing to offer .  is that , is that really bad for you ?  what do you mean ?  oh okay!that 's alright , okay .  that would be ideal .  well , what 's going to be .if we pushed it back one hour , in all honesty , it 's more important to me to not push it back and hour and push it up two degrees .  but if we .you see what i 'm saying ?  i don 't know what that means for you .  if we pushed it back an hour then if it 's , i mean if it 's good for you but it 's going to be the dealmade .  i mean if this is like a dealbreaker then alright , 7:30 30 , 67 so were we done ?  for my grocery shopping , my grocery shop that we're gonna sell the breakfast , so it'll be as early as possible for me .  as early like , the earlier the better .  wine , okay , well since i 'm a liquor store , i need to be open laterbecause because people usually buy liquor later in the day .  they don 't really go out and like early to get it .  (i put these together) , grocery , so yeah , my ideal would be 6:30 to like morning to 6:30 .  so well i 'm thinking probably we can compromise and open either 8:30 untilor i was thinking 7:30 would be good for mebecause like , for your liquor store , like people can get there like after they get off work , and 7:30 will be kind of reasonable for them to well most of the people get off work like 5:30 or 6ish so 7:30 would be suitable for them to get the wine off they get off work and it'll be also workable for me , like 7:30 is the time they go onto work so it'll be reasonable for me to sell breakfast and so wine , we can go with 8:30because it 'd be sort of like , in the middle for both of us , like because most people work , start work at 9 so they can get breakfast at like 8:30 , or stop by and then it wouldn 't be open , it wouldn 't close too early for people that want to buy liquor .  mmm okay .  yeah i guess that makes sense .  we can take probably 8:30 until 8:30 at night .  i mean i 'm more preferring like the $10 , 000since mine 's grocery shopping so i would rather spend like most of the money on like the stock i would rather spend most of the money on like training the employees , like the newcomer and stuff and so well i do agree with your point that the shop has to be look nice and stuffbut i 'm also concerning like the quality of like our , like employees and like the people works there and service and stuff .  so i would rather spend more money on thatone but then like spending so much money on like , trying to make it look good and like have actually not have really bad service .  okay , i'll take the 60% of the space andi need to be as hot as possible for food , so what did you , when is the best grand opening date for you ?  we already agreed upon so i 'm thinking if , if we can open late , i can i can agree with you on the temperature so i 'm thinking about augustor septemberokayhow about the renovation ?  okay .  okay we can do that .  we can do 20 , 000 for the renovation and also 67 for temperature and august 1st for the granding date .  i guess we just give this to lynn .  should ?  by hour , hours of operation , renovation , floor , temperature , and date .  40% for you ?  yeah .  i would like to go up to high .  i prefer 60% .  right .  the other four is hard!okay , let 's talk about the date .  okay , can you go september 1st ?  yeah , i mean , what 's the the other alternative that you alright , which one ?  okay .  which one , which 30 , 000 ?  oh , of course , what 's your alternative ?  i'll go to 1500 , i mean 15 , 000 , sorry .  i'll go with 20 if you can give me the date of september 1st and hour of operation .  okay , could do separate plan .  i'll have the hours of operation and the date , and i'll give you the temperature and renovation cost .  71 degree and 1500 , 15 , 000 .  sorry , 20 20 , 000 and 71 or 69 .  september 1st is a must for me .  20 20 is my bottom .  i can do the hours of operation 7:30 .  i'll do 20 , 000 .  how about temperature , is that important to you ?  25 , 000 .  temperature preferably 73 but i can cuz the , cuz the air conditioning cost is kind of high for me too .  69 degree ?  and you give me september 1st and 6:30am .  yeah , i can agree to that .  okay , september 1st , what temperature ?  69 degrees and 25 , 000 .  that 's it .  do you add up the math or ?  alright .  okay .  just need to mark my paper .  ok .  what do you want to start with ?  what 's important to you ?  yea , i mean like which one do you want to discuss first ?  what 's important to you ?  renovation costs ?  ok .  um well i think the place is in pretty good shape as it is right now .  so i would i 'd rather spend that money on other things .  and how much were you thinking of spending on renovating the building ?  umi 'd be willing to spend 20 thousand dollars um on renovation costs as long as i could uh have enough time to train employees before we grand open .  cause uh  you need like at a grocery store i need like well trained employees cause its several kinds of .its not like regular foods;its all nice stuff so i need as much time as possibleso i 'd be shooting for like september to open .  so i 'd be willing to spend  spend more spend 10 thousand i mean cause honestly i would like to spend 10 thousand out of the yearbut i 'd be willing to spend 20 thousand if i could train my employees until september .  ok so what else do you wanna talk about ?  that 's another one that 's real important for me .  cause i sell coffee and like breakfast pastries and stuff .  so like , i have to be open before people leave to go to work .  that 's another that 's a huge that 's huge for me .  cause that 's a lot of my business is for people coming in the morning to get that stuff .  as always the earlier the better for me .  so 6:30 is great .  wine , 7:30or 8:30 , that work for you ?  i can i mean .i could probably do 7:30 .  if we can keep the grand opening .  if we can keep that in september and do 20 thousand and i could probably open at 7:30 .  if we can keep that in september and do 20 thousand i could probably open at 7:30 .  i can handle that .  just and i can 't go any later than 7:30 though cause people have to be at work at 9 .  yea but then they're commuting to the other shops so they'll be there earlier on their way to their shops .  they have like a longer than 45min commute .  i could how about this ?  how about , if i go up to 30 thousand and do 6:30 .  cause i think i 'd make enough business with my coffee and pastries to cover that extra 5 thousand .  so we'll go over to 6:30 i'll pay 30 thousand for renovations and then september 1st so. .  i dunno .  i mean cause i need this a lot of information employees need to knowand since this is going to be bigger than my previous place i need to like find a lot of employees to help me in it .  lets talk about i mean what do we have floor space and temperature ?  30% ?  you want 30% ?  wine , yea so you get 70 .  or 5050 .  what if you don 't want 40% ?  that won 't work for you ?  40%okyearenovation costs 30 thousand , we open at 6:30 , you have 40% of the floor space , i have 60 , september 1st .  and then , temperature .  what are you looking for in temperature ?  cause i have. .  a lot of our foods stay longer at warmer temperatures .  73 is like a good temperature for me .  and i figure if we're doing that it'll also save us money on the air conditioning bills .  yea i don 't know what it is .  i 'm reading what it says .  most of them stay , stay at higher temperatures .  69 ?  yea .  i could do 69 .  so , so we have what ?  6:30 , 30k , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september 1st .  ok i can do that .  so we have 7:30 , 7:30 , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september .  i think that works .  we're awesome negotiators!we're so agreeable .  you're not like .temperature .  cause its 69 .  i mean ...   69 ok .  i was just , just wondering trying to figure out if they're other things we can negotiate .  think we're pretty good .  pretty sold here .  well its says 69 in your ideal temperature and you can 't ?  65 ?  that 's yea well if you want to open earlier we can go to 67 .  if we can open at 6:30 i 'd be willing to go down to 67 degrees .  no ?  ok .  guess temperature pretty important .  that 's cool .  if we 'd spend less money renovating than i would want to go colder .  if we can spend 15 thousand dollars renovating i could go to 67 degrees .  ok , that 's my best offer for that one .  um  i think we're pretty , pretty blocked .  so we open at 7:30 , spending 30 thousand , you've got 40% , 69 degrees and september ?  good deal .  yea we're pretty good negotiating with you .  see this .that one .  i 'm kaitlin , nice to meet you!ok so you know where you wanna start or ?  yea .  ok i was just well before we start i was gonna say that my biggest concern or say my least concerns are renovation costs and temperature .  the other ones are more important to me .  just to get that kinda out of the way .  cause i don 't know what you were what your thinking .  ok do you want to start with hours of operation ?  go from front ?  i well mine is more like a breakfast place so i sell like coffee and stuff .  so for me it should open early in the morning until 6 6:30 to 6:30 kinda a thing .  that 's a little see i understand that that 's early for you .  but i also think that if well what were you ...  what 's your time ?  what were you thinking for time ?  10..ok .  yea although if we were open till like say 7:30 or 8:30i mean people are off work by 6 normally right ?  hmm ?  no no no no .  for  yea like 9 to 5 .  then like after 5 o' clock , 6 o' clock they can come get their wine .  it 's not like you're some shady beer store , you know , that has to be open at night for like college students , you know .  so people can come get their wine at lunch time , come get their wine well it 's just a bottle of wine you know .  it 's not like they're buying like cocaine or something , you know something illegal .  yea but if we start at 10:30 people are at work by then .  i can do 8:30 .  i can do 8:30that sounds good .  ok so its renovation costs .  yea , and its not that important for mine .  i prefer , i really like the industrial look .  that has like the open ceilings andi don 't really feel like .  i feel like it 's more like an input cost that we don 't need .  yea yea , but i 'm , i 'm looking for hip people you know .  who want a hip dcor and i wouldn 't ...  well what are , what are you suggesting ?  well let me put it this way .  i can do 25 thousand but i want , i want something higher on my side then .  like either , like floor space or the opening date .  and ...  especially the opening date because the renovation costs are for you to get the store prepared for what you think is important but the grand opening side is where i think its impo where i think the part of my business is important to get ready for .  uhuh .  if you do like an aug , say and aug 1st opening date ?  do that ?  okfloor spacei really think that i should have more space .  cause i have wine i feel can be kinda  it should be tilted and it can be stacked really easily .  doesn 't take up that much space .  but groceries need to be put out like everything  they need to be so the customer can see it .  so i was thinking of at least 60% or 70% of spacehmm ?  yea that would be perfect .  yea , and temperaturewell i prefer , i prefer in the 70sjust because that 's' what i 'm comfortable at .  but don 't know if your wine needs a specific temperature for yea i think especially cause we have an august 1st opening date oryea an also i mean , i 'm co. .  i 'm a little concerned , about the price of the air conditioning with like oil princes being what they are .  you know , but since its in august , its just going to be a month or to of heat and then we can it won 't cost as much to keep the temperature as low when we're going like for the rest of the season .  so i would be willing to do like 69 degrees .  yea that 's just low!that 's too low for me .  cause i mean eventually you can get i know they make wine ...  like special cabinets for wine and stuff .  so if you eventually you know , needed to keep wine at  you wine at if you have enough money you could buy those and .  yeathat 's true .  that 's true .  yea..for the yea but don 't think it would be as much as you know , cooling the whole store .  yea .  then w can do 69 degrees ?  ok!yeanice meeting you .  hi (together)yes , but more than business i 'm interested in the kinetic course .  phdoh ok .  yes , about temperature ?  what do you think about temperature ?  67 ?  for me the higher the better .  but i don 't know what product what kind of product i take .  just let me see it should say .  i take care of bread , milk and fruits .  some kind of that and noso maybe the middle one ?  69 is better ?  oh ok .  for me , we have to sell the breakfast because early .  just like 6:30 so ...  uh huh .  so but i think most companies start at 8 or 9 because of so to sell the breakfast i have to chose 7:30or 8:30 .  at least .  started at 9 ?  i think 8:30s better for us .  okand my first priority is grand opening date .  because i ordered some exce. .  what did it say ?  ...  oh yea i need to order some special items from abroad .  like for example , for me , i 'm asian so asian food and some kind of so i need to to differentiate from some other groceries .  that is my diffrentiative point .  but i need to order now so the items coming by september like ...  so ...  i want to be readymade ready made .  so readymade and advertise as we're a differentiative store for some items .  so august ?  ok .  that makes sense .  ok good .  so then renovation costs and floor space ?  what 's your priority of the two ?  i know your situation but for me the grocery store is some kind of necessity so i don 't really mind for the appearance of the  .soof course for me the lower the better .  but its not for you so so your sure at least 25 thousand ?  ok 25. .  ok .  in general the grocery store is bigger than wine shop or or some cooler shop so my better best choice is 60% .  6040 .  oh really ?  okgood good .  sounds good .  hihow about we first discuss the renovation costs ?  ok i think its best that try and keep it as low as possiblecause i don 't think it needs a lot of work .  we should try and save our money and use it on something else .  so i think 10 thousand dollars would work well for both of us .  well i think the location helps a lot in bringing people in .  so they don 't really need to see something extremely fancy .  they're going to be interested in coming .  i think it would work better by looking nice on the outside but not over the topso maybe we can bump it up to 15or maybe even 20 if that would work really ?  its really pretty out of my budget to be going that high .  i think that it would work better if we tried to cut some other costsi 'd be willing to go to 20 .  25 ?  yea .  well i think that its not really falling apart right now .  and if we spend too much money we're not going to really be able to keep it looking nice inside .  you know we could spend a bit more money and have like a nice opening or something like that that would bring more people inyou could use the money for samples you know .  yea well you can always do wine tasting .  people do that .  so i think 20 would be best .  you don 't want to blow the budget right off .  okyea40% ?  which would give me 60% ?  ok that sounds fine .  how about the temperature ?  i kinda want it to be a warmer temperature .  because it would keep my stuff ...  it would keep it betterand it would cost less on air conditioning .  i don 't think that you need it to be too cold because you can always use something like refrigerators if you have to have wine selling it for that day .  and otherwise i think wine would keep fine in a warmer temperature .  i think 73 degree would be prefect for me .  well 65 degrees wouldi think it would be too cold .  plus it would cost a lot of money for both of us on air conditioning .  67 maybe 69 would work better .  yea because its only about ...  its a 4 degree difference between both of our perfect temperatures .  well most of it will be out because they'll be a lot of pastries you know and for it to be sitting out in a colder temperature .  it just wouldn 't make much sense because it needs to be warmer anyway ...  i mean with the wine you  know , you can always keep it like in a box to keep it from getting too cold .  i mean all of it doesn 't need to be out on the shelf that day .  well i would like it to be earlier for mebecause they're a lot of pastries that need to be sold .  so i 'm thinking opening around 6:30 and then closing around 6:30 .  yea well a lot of people will be buying wine i think .  and i think people who would be buying the wine will probably be coming in a little bit earlier and planning their dinner ahead , so the people who will be coming in really late will probably just , there , buy liquor anyway .  you might not even want them in the store anyway .  9:30 ?  opening at 9:30 is too early or too late for me still because people are already done with breakfast and be off at work at that time .  i think the earliest would be 8:30 .  well yea yeaopen at 8:30 and push the budget to 25 ?  yea , i think that would work and then. .  wellwell if we're going to use the 25 thousand on the renovation costs , i think that if we had an earlier opening date then you 'd just be spending all the money on fixing it up as soon as possible , and paying peope a lot more money to get it taken care of too soon .  so i think by pushing back the grand opening date we'll be better able to used the renovation costs money and make it as nice as possible .  i think that sept , aug is betterjuly would be too early for me .  yea and then ...  think about it too ...  the air conditioning costs. .  we'll be saving money by having it later too .  so overall just ...  either sept or aug will be saving us money .  and working out a lot better .  well july is the hottest month .  yeai don 't know .  well i 'd rather have like , a really good grand opening , that'll really attract people .  like if we have people working on it and keep it looking nice for the first couple of months and then have a big opening i think people would be more interested and more likely to come in and check that out .  well that would just mean that august sales would start to slump anyway so. .  i mean well i think like we shouldn 't worry about students because a lot of them can 't even drink and i don 't think they'll be spending a lot of money on really good wine or any nice groceries .  i think we should try to focus on the people to ...  well i don 't know .  like , having it in september people would be giving off work and coming back from vacation , they might want to treat themselves more .  and i think just starting , like if we start in august , it might just be too much of a slump .  we really want the first month and the months after that to be a big seller .  especially like by opening in september , we also have the holidays afterwards and i think a lot of people would be spending a lot of money then , on parties and things like that .  well i don 't know .  people don 't really have a big july 4th like ...  fancy yea well i think that we should try to have it later .  julyok , i guess july will have to be it then .  oki 'm ashley .  jking ?  well nice to meet you .  we're you from ?  your from korea ?  i 'm from atlanta , georgia .  which is yea it 's about 12 hrs from here , driving so ...  is this your first year ?  i mean how long have you been here ?  takes a lot of practice .  what are you studying ?  electrical engineering and then we're opening a shop in the side .  fantastic , that 's really neat .  yea , i 'm going into my third yr as well so .  uh huh yesno i 'm actually in astronomyi 'm in astronomyand i 'm opening a grocery store .  yeavery nice to meet you!so i guess i can just tell you a summary of uh. .  excuse me ?  uh huh .  i guess the general idea; i've always wanted to open a grocery store .  and so ...  yea there're certain things that would be great .  if we could share the same space and cause wine and food go well togetheryea i think it 's a great idea .  do you drink wine in general ?  yea ?  !so well .  uhuhits fun .  well what were you thinking about in terms of what you look like for. .  the quality of wine ...  yea .  and you want to attract the high level clientele .  yea i think that renovation costs and how much you want to spend is definitely something that , that i can work with .  and i think that sort of goes hand in hand with when we open .  if we want to spend a little bit more money on renovations and getting things set , we probably should open a little bit later so we can really make sure there 's enough time to get everything finished before , before we open .  what were you thinking of spending in terms of renovation ...  like what ?  its just kinda depending ok. .  to do as much as possible ?  ok so , yea i 'm at a situation where i don 't have quite as much cash to spend .  so i can 't spend more than 25 thousand dollars to spendbut maybe that 's something we can come back to and just sort of looking at .  to make it cost effective .  cause they say within the first year like most , you know , businesses go out of business within the first year if you don 't have a good start so ...   .  that 's important as well .  being a grocery store i hope to be able to selldonoughts and coffee; things in the mornings .  so i would prefer to be open earlier in the morning .  as early as possible .  and then it 's not as important for me to be open late in the evening .  i imagine your probably different cause people like to buy wine later at night don 't they ?  but most people would be buying wine for dinner right ?  so it 's not like a beer shop that they'll want it real late at night .  but perhaps , to be able to buy for dinner or hors' dourves .  so what would be the earliest time that you would be happy closing at night time ?  yea .  that 's true .  personally this is quite important just. .  most people go to work at 9 o clock so i think it 'd be great to be open before 9 o' clock in the morningcause even people might want to pick up wine on their way to work , you know , in the morning so they can have it , you know , go home immediately after work or that kinda thing .  so i would really like to be open at 8:30 and close at 8:30 pm .  but if , and i would prefer earlier , 6:30 or 7:30 .  but knowing that you want to be open , maybe something like 7:30 to 7:30 ?  i think it 'd be great to look at eventually maybe having different hours on , you know , thursday , friday night you know , but just to start we have to keep , keep the same hours  so , let 's see .  i guess lets just talk about the last , kinda issues that are imp to us and then maybe we can come to some conclusions on which things we 'd be willing to give and what works .  how much space did you need for your wine ?  just like ?  ok then let 's , let 's definitely do that .  oh that 's good .  what , i know like electrical bills , we'll be sharing all that .  so what are your for wine .  like what temp would we want to keep the store at ?  wine , i mean most degree for temperature is 65 but 65 degrees ...  all we're increasing is not big deal to me i think. .  and that has to do with keeping the wine , at a keeping it from spoiling , you want to keep the wine at a cool temperature .  is that the idea ?  so we could do the temp higher than 65 but maybe put the wine in the like the refrigerator section innot actually in the refrigerator but if we can keep it somewhat cooler .  what 's the highest temperature that you can keep wine at and it would be ok ?  i don 't know much about wine .  i 'm not an expert .  69 would be ok but you 'd prefer lower ?  well like i was saying , i 'm happy keeping it just sort of even hotter; 71 , 73 .  something that 's more normal .  because anything that i have to have cooled , i'll have refrigerators .  so maybe we can think about 67or 69 and then look at how we , where we put the wine so that we can just check on the temperature .  or 69 and then look at how we , i've been to grocery stores where they have freezers that are open .  and then they have shelves above it so the coolness kinda comes up and sorta refrigerates the area .  so we can think about something like that .  or 69 and then look at how we , but yea , i see what you mean , we don 't want it to be maybe 73 cause we want it to consistently lower that makes sense .  or 69 and then look at how we , um ...  ok so lets see here so could we , for grand opening and the cost that we want to spend , could we go ahead and push it as late as possible .  not open till sept 1st ?  and that would give me more time to get the money that i could contribute more to the renovation .  or 69 and then look at how we , so would you be happy spending 20 or 25 thousand each on renovation and not opening until sept 1st ?  yea .  so what would be the what would be the latest that you would be happy opening ?  could we open like say aug 1st ?  july or aug .  ok , yea i think july or aug would work for me .  so let 's plan on july or aug .  and if we open earlier i 'm not going to be able to get as much money for renovations so ...  that 's gonna be kinda tied together so you can push back the opening ?  yea ...  aug would work ok .  then lets do aug 1st and. .  sept would be ok ?  that would be really great for me .  be able to get the 30 thousand dollars .  that sounds good .  so we both get our highest priority worked out .  so lets do sept 1st and i'll get 30 thousand dollars andand 40..and your happy with that ?  ok .  so then the last thing we need to work on is our hours of operation and temperature .  8:30 would be ok .  i would prefer 7:30 .  yea the earlier the better .  but 7:30 i 'd prefer .  8:30 would be the latest that i would want to open .  just so people could go before work and get their cup of coffee and stuff and maybe even shop for dinner before work if they needed to .  so and i know you wanted to close as late as possible .  so. .  lets , yea ..lets hold that .  lets think about the 8:30 time might work .  maybe we can reach a compromise between that and the temperature .  cause i know we're kinda at a little disagreement about the temperature as well .  cause that 's actually going to be sort of related .  if we're open earlier i'll make more money , probably , to have more money to spend on air conditioning or what not .  and if we're open later , you'll probably sell more wine so you'll probably do better .  so those are sort of connected .  oh your fine .  i understand what your saying .  which is more important to you ?  but kinda similar ?  ok we're almost done so we could perhaps open at lets see here what about keeping it would you be ok 7:30 to 7:30 but keeping the temp at 67 degrees ?  if we put the temperature that low , i would pre , i would prefer the hours of operations , to open at 6:30 .  65 degrees is quite low to keep the temperature .  just keeping it , what the electrical bills is gonna be every month to cool that space .  they're almost the same ?  yea , i kind of thought this thing to  well hrs of ops and temp can easily be changed later as we look at our , at our bills so..yea so if that about he same , i suggest we go for the 7:30 and 67 degrees .  would you be happy with that ?  yeaand hopefully we can sell lots of wine at 7:30 in the morning .  hopefully they're not alcoholic , people that drink all day .  very early close so people have to get there right ?  yea yea .  it'll be fun .  so looks like we've decided on everything .  and this is good .  there were a few things that i was like if we don 't agree on this , i 'm not going to be , able to do the deal  like , i was like , you know , i have to spend this much money so i 'm really glad that we can work together and open the store .  this will be fun .  hey , my name is binkeynice to meet you .  yea hrs ops. .  so lets just start with the first issue .  alright yea i think we only offer mainly offer breakfast products and fresh food juices ...  so i think its better for me to do the operation hours early in the mornings to ..i mean late afternoon .  so the later the more competitive you are .  no yea so i think its really imp for us to reach an agreementso , so what do you think ?  any alternatives ?  wine , yea well our ...  well ideally we would like to have 10:30 in the morning , 10:30 at night .  which obviously is too late for breakfast .  that 's really too bad for me i maybe i'll be broke .  yea so , maybe sometime between this ?  what about , 8 , half past 8 ?  till 8:30pm ?  i think that might be reasonable for both of us .  because its not gonna yield me the highest profits that just make it compellable .  to you its uh oh really ?  i guess we're not at the two extremes in terms of hours of operations otherwise we can never reach an agreement .  that  , wine , well i would be willing to to10:30 is , well go on okany item you want .  cause of time yeafor a little wine shop ?  but people are not dining in right ?  they're just going to grab a bottle and go home so my point of view , might be reasonable to just lower it , lower the cost a little bit .  because we're just mainly selling fresh food so we don 't really , need a to be a very fancy place .  people are not sitting inside and ideally you ...  did you say 25 thousand ?  far as i 'm concerned i 'd rather have 15 thousand .  does that work for you ?  maybe ok ...  yea so we've got to be compatible .  what about 20 thousand ?  20 thousand , might work ...  for both of usyea yea that 's a good logic but as far as a grocery store is concerned , renovation costs can do some harm to our profits .  because , yea. .  cause we're not getting any gain from this aspect .  can you understand ...  because so maybe i can yea .  yea , so 25 thousand ?  ok .  but we are negotiating over the real costs .  just a reminder to you. .  ok that might work but that really does a little bit of harm for me .  ok so 25 thousand i 'd prefer , i really want to go for 20 thousand .  i think that might work for both of us .  although i really need 10k you know .  cause that 's just fine enough for a grocery shop .  so i 'd rather spend 10k more just to accommodate you .  would you agree with that ?  i don 't know .  i didn 't look at the time .  ok there 's still time .  but 25k might work for me although its not so .its far from optimal but its acceptable .  ok lets move on .  lets move on .  ok so how much share do you need ?  50% ?  alright so you like to split in half .  yea , so you don 't need anymore , any less ?  did u say ideally you'll prefer less than 50% ?  what about 40% for you and 60% for me ?  well ok , that 's also fine for me .  finally one .  ok so tempdo you sell cold drinks ?  67 ?  that 's a bit too low for us .  because you know we're serving bread and cakes .  they're well preserved in the normal temperatures .  like room temperature .  so what would that be ?  so around 70 .  ok so which one do you prefer ?  ok what about 69 degrees ?  its going to cost me some cost  but , but i can do thatoh this is this all year around ?  69 is not too hot nor is it too cold in winter so they're just normal .  cakes , bagels likewould it be chilly under 67 degrees ?  we need to be considerate in terms of that .  i guess 69 might be a little bit better .  although its not going to minimize my costs but i prefer that .  would you agree with that ?  ok i 'm good at that .  so opening dates why are you in such a hurry ?  just curious so you buy the products from domestic sellers ?  well we need to buy something 's from abroad so its going to take us sometime .  so maybe , so what would you suggest ?  but we're , in november .  so..what 's the time setting here ?  i mean ok so its like august ?  ok so , so where are we supposed to be in this this little story ?  ok , ok i got you .  so next yr ?  alright i 'm missing it still .  so , so you 'd to open it , like in in summer ?  ok well  then we've got nothing to sell cause , its going to take something i don 't know .  we , yea .  we make the food ourselves but we need the inputs like some foreign products like coffee and tea .  tea from england maybe , india. .  i don 't know .  may be it 's gonna , maybe its gonna tomorrow ..is. .  i don 't know i forget the. .  its so you can understand .  so..it 's the ..the later the better. .  in september .  special items from abroad .  oh maybe equipments .  ok we need to train people .  you need to train people too ?  you don 't ?  ok so but sept is too late for you i guessyea you don 't want to wait .  time is costly .  so what about august ?  july ?  sounds acceptable provided we reach an agreement about hours .  because that one is gonna , gonna hurts ok , ok yea .  did that say 8 o clock , or 8:30 ?  9:30 ?  5 mins ?  ok we're aware of that .  alright 5 mins left .  9:30  bad .  that 's only good for over sleepers .  the true underlining values are in brackets .  oh well that i noticed the concepts but ok so we've got 2 issues left .  3 oh ok .  that 's too bad .  why don 't we combine these issues ?  like , if i can do you some favor about grand opening date like  i can agree on july but the hour of operations , i really prefer 8:30 .  oh really ?  oh , for me too .  ok so  but i can actually agree on july 1st .  what about renovation cost ?  ok okokok i understand maybe that one is more important to you .  yeaso 8:30 to 8:30 pm .  25 thousand .  60% floor space for me .  alright 69 degrees yea so we've got something in common .  yeaalrightits like you have some compromise in some aspects and i can make it less ...  through something else. .  your welcome .  nice talking to you .  what 's your major ?  should i stop it ?  ok. .  we're done .  its fun .  good .  wine , how are you ?  i 'm good , how are youwine , good good .  alright so i guess  we can start where ever .  where ever you want to start at .  i think my priority actually is the renovation costs .  i'll compromise on some other stuff but uh ...  ok actually , my priority i think is the opening date so if we can open sept 1st  that would be great .  30 thousand ?  to me , i think that is pretty big .  so  i'll be happy if i can spend 10 thousand .  yeawe can split equally .  50% 50%temperature .  i think that 71 degree will be  if we can have yea but so you ...  you want 65 ?  65 may be cooler .  (murmuring) 69. .  i can , i can yea i can. .  i 'd rather go higher .  i can i think we should agree on the opening date .  oh good!25 thousand ok , i can ...  yea i can do that .  what about operation hours ?  it 's a little bit late .  how about the temperature ?  do you agree with 71 degrees ?  i can. .  actually i don 't mind floor space .  the operational hours is more important to me but ...   .  actually 7:307:30 is best for mebut i can compromise on other things .  i can give you 69 if you give me 7:30 operational .  yea but most of the customers you know are probably not going to purchase after work so can you give me the 71 degrees ?  if you can give it then i can cover the wine , and then will you give me the 40% floor space ?  yupyou mean the 60% floor space and 7:30 to 7:30 and 69 .  is that what you want ?  67 degrees ?  do you agree on the operation hours ?  7:30 7:30 ?  wine , 7:30 to 7:30 .  ok then i give you .  we are all set .  25 thousand , 50% and 67. .  4..40%67yea sounds good .  alright .  yea .  hii 'm from the grocery .  well because i 'm a grocery shop and i sell coffee and breakfast stuff .  so i was thinking more like 6:30 to 6:30 .  i think we have like opposite hours .  the reason why i say 6:30 is , because breakfast hours .  and 6:30 i might have like more breakfast buyers .  i mean , i think 7:30 might work out because you know people won 't buy i , i 'm not , i 'm not saying people won 't buy wine at like 7 i 'm more thinking like 7:30at night because maybe people might go to wine shop and then start .   maybe have little parties afterwards .  cause 10:30s probably too late to buy wine for whatever occasions you know .  how about 7:30cause 8:30s really late .  right , yea i understand what you are 8:30 am is late for me already .  7:30 's pm is too early .  alright lets work on 8:30 then .  somehtingright .  let me double check my let me double check my ok well i 'm i 'm more ...  i 'm thinking more like .  because , since we already have the store , and we're there already .  it 's more like connecting them and do little stuff .  so i would like like to minimize the cost as much as possible .  no i understand your 30 thousand dollars .  like i understand you want to be nice ...  like me too .  because i 'm like a good quality grocery store .  but you know , its just its just connecting ...  i mean the money would only be like connecting the store and saying we're in huge for us saying we're combined and stuff like that so .  but we already have the store .  we already have our renovated stores alreadywell i don 't think 30 thousand 10 thousandyea .  well yea .  i mean like ...  its just conneti like i said , its just connecting them .  so 30 thousand , or anything more than 10 thousand 's a little too much .  wait is this renovations cost for both of us or just each of us ?  but we're already , we were already there .  like , we've been there forever .  we're just like combining right now right ?  oh we just making ourwait but i am currently the owner of special grocery .  oh so it okwell since we're already establishedour name is the location is not i think maybe we should spend more time on the grand opening than the renovations .  cause you saying your saying that you want to start strong .  not going to work10 thousand 's the most that i would spend .  well floor space .  what are you thinking ?  i 'm thinking 60% .  finally!how high how high would the temp would be if ...  for your wine to get.. ?  i mean it doesn 't say there but ok you see i am a grocer store and i have coffee , i have bread , i have vegetables .  and cold temperature 's is not really my thing .  i would say 73 .  like i would say put something in between us but that 's not an option .  lets go for 69 because it 's like room temperature .  towards your side ?  73 degrees to 65 degrees!grand opening!why would you want it to be sooner ?  well the reason i would like it to be later , the later the better .  cause i 'm ordering some items from abroad .  and i also need to hire a lot of people for my store. .  to like do some organize stuff solike i , i need a lot of  some time for organization and ordering and stuff like that .  and i mean , once we open the store we can get the money back .  septemberbut i thought your wine like the longer the better so you mightas well wait another 4 months , 5 months .  i 'm ordering stuff and hire  i 'm still hiring .  but i mean , i still have some items .  from abroad .  special itemsyea but its running short sobut do you think you'll have enough people for me and ?  yea i mean i know , but i don 't want  the thing is like i don 't want my opening to missing some items .  i want to promote , like i don 't want to miss out .  i want to have something special for my opening .  i think i'll call but i don 't think so .  but they're be a lot of people too due to dupont circle so alright , back to renovationsbut then that renovation costs , we might not get it back .  this is kind of like high risk .  cause , we aren 't sure how much business we'll get for , forever .  so that 's why i don 't want to put much risk , or much investment into renovation costs .  cause even if i were to spend that much i' rather it be  spend it on other things such as like hiring more people or like ordering more items .  and just currently the space needs some exterior work and some interior work so ...   it 's not like we're building a store out of nowhereso i don 't , i don 't think 30 thousand .  i think 30 thousand is a little too much so lets agree on the middle one .  how about that ?  we go with the middle one .  are we done ?  we're done .  just press stopsohimy name is my name is my name is shudong .  shudong .  yea exactly yeanice to meet you .  your dan right ?  yea yea .  hopefully we can cooperate with each other successfully .  so lets get started ?  so , well i think we have same issue we need to settle down .  so which one do you prefer to discuss first .  i mean , among 5 options , hour of operation , renovation cost , and floor space , temperature .  which one do you want to talk about first ?  yea .  hours of operations .  ok .  i would like to discuss first .  that would , that would be great .  so you know i run a grocery store so i want to sell coffee , cookies and stuff .  so i would like i prefer the hours is 6:30am , 6:30pm .  what is your opinion ?  yea .  well personally you see i prefer to open the store as early as possible , you know  no body will drink coffee after 6:30 , you know , in evening .  so ..what what is best can you like you can offer. ?  well , i mean yea , it sounds reasonablebut , you know .  8:30 , most of people they they have already , you know , in office so well yea so , i think probably they would , they would not stop by my , my store , you know , to buy a cup of coffee .  but you know , i mean , i think 6:30pm close , would close the store is too much for you .  i mean obviously , you know , people used to buy beer after in the evening .  so maybe we , we can get  make a compensation .  we open at like 7:30 ?  ok so you mean conditionalok that 's like a good ideathe next ?  we could well maybe we could talk about the floor space ?  yea ?  so..so i mean , since you run liquor store , you don 't need too much space .  i mean i mean this is my thought ...  ok ?  i 'm i 'm  kind of selling coffee and something so i have to make a little bit of space more space for customers to take a break .  but people used to buy liquor like a walk in and walk out .  so i would say 6 40% for you and 60% for me and ...   that reasonable or ?  yea yea .  so ok that would be great .  yeai think we solved one .  now what 's next ?  we want o talk or discuss .  exactlywell i think 30 thousand dollars is a little bit a lot for me .  i mean i , so for the grocery store ...  i i i i don 't really think i need to put that huge amount of money to renovate stuff .  so i would like to , you know , put some amount to train my employeesso it 's 30 thousand is a little bit a lot .  but i think if i ask like 10 thousand ?  it , that 's too much for you because .  i mean i understand you you run a business well you bring a lot of customers .  then we basically , we both have a lot to benefit .  so maybe can we just , you know .  leave this , with open hours operation and then we can talk about temperature ?  i mean , i mean for me the temperature well you know the lower temperature will mean too much cost right ?  because air condition , for both you and me .  so i would say we just chose the , the highest temperature so that 's 7. .  because its , its comfortable enough for the customers and , you know , we do not have to spend too much cost .  electrical bill , you know so that 's my concern .  i 'm open to yea but well you think the problem is 65 is a little bit cold for customers .  working freezerbut think about it .  say , 73 and 65 basically , it 's for the ...  for the storage of food  it doesn 't make too much difference .  but for the feeling , comfortable that do make ...  that make a huge difference if they don 't feel comfortable they will not come in anymore .  well if you consider 71 , 69 they only have 2 fahrenheit difference .  that doesn 't make too much difference for your storage food .  think about it .  you will run acing for a longer time which means you pay the bill more .  i mean this is a long period .  we're talking about , like , you know , once we settle down this ...  it 's it 's going to be always there .  but for your beer and stuff you can maybe circulate it quickly in small amount ?  but the bill you cannot change it anymore .  but this is definitely my concern for this one so ...  yea .  and 73 is best for mebut i know , i understand that if we can settle down at 71 that would be actually its i think ...  also both of us can benefit with the electrical billyea but , does that really make difference ?  only 2 fahrenheit ?  wine , well again , i 'm telling you that , it would be ...  the optimal temp for me would be 65 .  so i would , i would , that would be 6 degrees difference if were to go to 71 from where its best for me .  if we go to 69 , i 'm probably sacrificing a little bit in quality but i 'm willing to make that sacrifice for our customers .  ok , ok , i think it seems like we have to sacrifice , you know .   ok i would say , yea , since 71 , 69 you know .  ok , i can accept 69 .  yea but so then like .  then what about well you see since , i have to work in the day , i may sacrifice on the temperature ...  what about lets go back to renovation costs .  can i get like 15 thousand ?  or , you will be more comfortable to talk about the grand opening date ?  ok , ok which one do you. .  well , but i i need to import stuff oversees so i i need some time to prepare .  so i would prefer sep 1st .  i know it 's a lot but think about it .  i mean , if i don 't have too much things to sell i mean basically we're kind of package deal , you know , if i cannot run my store well and then basically your  not many customers will show up .  yea , so i think maybe just give me sometime to prepare well then both of us can benefit .  you mean august 1st ?  well it 's a little bit tight .  the schedule .  so ...  well i will say can we ...  if we can combine the first two issues then i would , i would consider aug 1st .  yeayea .  so , what if we settle down like 7:30am to open the store and i pay 20 thousand and i open like at it 's possible i open sept1 ?  sept 1st .  and like ..ok what do you think ?  and september 1st. .  the openi well. .  you know i , i would prefer like september 1st .  in that case i can pay 30 thousand with out any problem ?  yea , what do you think ?  so i 'm ...  yea , to well prepare i would like to ...  what months you like right .  greatnice to meet youyeahow about , do you mind telling me about your situation so that i can have a comprehensive understanding ?  well for me , because you know like the groceries , we have a lot of items we need to show .  so the more we can get the better .  my well i think its 60% .  ok we just have some we just only need some external and some interior work .  we don 't need to send as much money on the renovations yet .  so my situation , i 'd like to spend no more than 10 thousand dollars .  wine , ok , well 10 thousand dollars is not going to get us very much in terms of return customers .  it might , it might be helpful in the long term if we spend a little bit more upfront and maybe that will help us in the long term .  how about your ideal renovation costs ?  ok no problem .  yea .  because i think , you know , the floor space , will be actually almost like 5050 .  that will be fine .  i think the , i think the big problem is the hours of operations .  i can imagine that you prefer the late hours because most customers will buy in the early morning .  but for me , because we sell all the breakfast items. .  my ideal situation is , i need to open at 6:30 till 6:30pm .  but i know this is to early for you .  so i 'm thinking of , how about 7:30or 8:30 ?  well , i need to think about this .  surei 'd prefer to have the grand opening date the later the better .  yea because it willmy ideal time would be september .  so how about august ?  as i mentioned that , because we need to import the items , i think i can sacrifice the hours .  so if you are fine with august , the opening , it will be great .  these things are more important for you. .  for me .  ok , so , i can guarantee that we ...  well 6:30 is out .  yea i know .  it 's impossible .  we belong to the same corporation .  i think we should maximize the corporate profiti agreeyea ?  and we have only one issue need to be solvedthe temperature .  65 ?  for me like 73  is the best for me .  so yea but in the opposite , in the summerwhat if we stay in the middle ?  69 , because if its just the temperature by 2 degree a day by itself .  and basic is that we going to..we both have almost half half floor space so i think that the temperature um i 'm wondering .  i 'm wondering would you prefer anything that i can69 is ok with you ?  frankly speaking that 's a lot , lot of money to set the temperature at 69 .  so i don 't think i can go lower .  really ?  so i know if you have a problem , probably we can , you know , make it proper we can nego  renegotiate about other item .  would you mind wait for me for like 1 minute ?  (murmuring) floor space .  so how do you think about the renovation costs ?  ok so 25 i 'm sorry ?  25 thousand .  ok that 's fine .  no problem .  ok oh i wanted to ..restate the yea .  that 's right .  thank you .  ok so , first , first thing i guess , we can talk about is the hours of operation ?  well whats good for you ?  late yea7:30 ?   ?  yea 8:30 well lets see..we can. .  how would whats the most important thing for you ?  you know , just , just can you. .  well what 's the most important thing for you ?  ok , i can settle for ...  ok if , if we .  if i settle for 30 thousand you think you might be open at 7:30 instead ?  yea , but the prio , the second priority would be the hours of operationsgo in the middle ?  renovation costs , i can settle for , i can settle for , 30..i can , i i i might be able to settle for your cost if we open at sept 1st .  or if you know , if you , you have another date then that might be differentsureaug 1st for grand openingokyea so it might be little bit higher temperature .  little bit higher , i mean , i was hoping for 73 degrees but .  lower ?  60% was what i thought for ...  yea for me .  yea .  do you need more space or do you need less space ?  you 'd be willing to 40% on floor space ?  ok30 thousand ?  ok so we , sept 1st , 69 degrees , 30k ?  ok and yea let me just tally that first .  ok .  lets see .  was there something else that you 'd prefer ...  if it 'd work better or ?  alright now compared to those , like between those two , which ones a little bit better for you or which one is ?  hours of operations is better for you ?  if it were later ?  yea its my second most as welllets see , we both have our , the ones that we consider most important now , we have those .  right ?  second , we really can 't deal with .  third is temperature for you ?  i have temperature for me as well .  looks like , seems like yea it is pretty optimal .  yea and the grand renovation costs are least imp for me .  yea its seems good .  alright .  ok should just , should we open the door ?  huh ?  what kind of bread ?  i have no idea .  lynn , you done ?  that was fast .  how're you doing today ?  i 'm ryanyang , how do you say that ?  oh yang , yang ?  yang ?  ok , where are you fromi 'm from the states .  ohio .  yea sure so i guess , i mean the way i look at this is ...  .you know , we both have our needs and wants and we're going to be working closely so our , you know .  it 's potential that our stores are going to be right next to each other so i would like to do what 's best for both of us .  so how do you feel ?  ok so they're a couple of main concerns to us .  yea , what works best for you ?  for me , we serve different breakfast itemsso earlier would be betterbut i know that too early , it might also be bad .  so to me 7 , 7:30 would be a good time to open .  7:30 and maybe close at 9 .  or , sorry close at 7:30pm .  9:30 is. .  the only , the main problem i have with 9:30 is that by that time most people are already at work and so they wont have a chance to stop in and where as i feel that if , if we were to do 7:30 , most people are done with work at 7:30sureyea i think .  i think 8:30 sounds sounds good .  but , my question is that between the hours of 7:30 and 8:30 at night , i 'm wondering how many customers you would actually have between that time .  i feel that i would have more , more customers between 7:30 an 8:30 in the morning than you would probably have between 7:30 and 8:30 in the night .  do you see what i 'm saying ?  ok , i 'm just trying to think if , because most people , just one more point , most people when they're goingdo you wan to settle for 8:30 ?  ok , so 8:30 to 8:30 .  now as far as renovation , because i do see some work that needs to be done .  but i don 't think it 's significant enough but i would like to offer 15 thousand dollars .  to to spend on renovations .  ok so i wouldn 't like to spend anymore than 15 thousand .  what , what is your limit ?  or what would you ideally lie to spend ?  25 thousand ?  yea , i just don 't have 25 thousand .  it 's too much for me .  i don 't have it .  i don 't think the bank will lend me anymore moneyhere 's here 's what i 'm willing to do .  on this one , i 'm willing to go , i 'm willing to go 20 .  are you willing to do 20 ?  20 thousand ?  you can accommodate me later ?  ok let 's go 25 .  yea i will try my best to to help you with the othersnow you mentioned floor space .  what , now this is something for me that is important .  and i , i would like 60% of the floor space .  here 's why; a lot of my products that i carry are larger and take up more space .  and so , because of that i feel that , because of that and because of the fact that your , you know , your wine bottle can such can be stacked easier ?  i feel that because of that i feel my stuff will take up more space  therefore i should have a little more space in the store .  so your , your fine with 70% is what your saying .  ok yea , let lets go with that , i 'm i 'm happy with that .  now tell me about temperature cause i 'm sure some of your your wine .  7 wait say that again .  i wanted 60 so i ...   but i 'm fine with 70 .  you think 60 is ok ?  ok good .  yes so you probably have maybe some products that you 'd like to have in certain temperature .  so..so what are you thinking ?  well i feel that for me anywhere between 69 and 71 degrees .  i would prefer to be warmer but but i 'm willing to to do either 71or 69 degrees .  ok so here 's a , here 's an idea .  lynn , you done ?  that was fast .  hiyeaoknoyea , 10:30'll be too late for the breakfast items so yea but the , but the the thing is , you be consider we have the 5 items , so for the  i think temperature is very critical for. .  for you , right ?  yea  but i do not have any preference for temp so i think its better 7:30 am through and 67 degrees .  so how do you think about this ?  yeabecause i 'm selling the grocery stuff so i think i want my space a little bit bigger than yours .  but .  but and considering the costs so my preference would be 60% for space .  yeayea for the grocery store i do not care much about the how the store looksso my preference is 10 thousand .  yea , i could yea .  so , for the 15 thousand ?  what do you think about this ?  wine , lets see .  well i mean looking at , i was looking towards 30 thousand for investing so maybe we could go to 25 .  i mean as far as , if if i 'm compromising on the hours of operation then. .  so. .  yea so so the hours you would like to offer now ?  for the operation hour ?  wine , well if i 'm gonna compromise on renovation costs , i 'd like to make sure that i 'm at least getting the hours operation that i would want .  oh so what is the hour of operation now ?  but you mentioned 8:30 before .  i think i could accept 8:30 and give you 25 thousand renovation .  greatfor the opening date , i think it 's , i think late is better .  i ..so my preference would be sept 1st .  wine , ok and my preference is earlier .  would you be able to open on june 1st ?  no its way too early .  but i think , even for wine store i think you still need some time to prepare for the opening right ?  yea but we're going to have to train somebody before the opening so lets see the temperature .  so 65 is way too low for , for me .  because i have to pay the extra air conditioning costs to keep the low degree , low temp so my 1st preference is 73 degreeso it 's a big difference between 65 so. .  i think it 's still low .  so , thinking so how about 71 degree and then july 1st ?  yea i could compromise a little bit on the degree , the temp but the grand opening date you'll have tooh i 'm thinking about aug the 1st and 67 degrees .  so how do you think about this becauseokwe should share our yeaok we're done .  hinice to meet youmy name is lekyour .  nice to meet youyea , and i take it you're the owner of the whatever the wine shop .  yea exactly , nice name!right .  so we have to agree on the 5 issues .  yea , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , grand opening date .  right .  well actually i have one suggestion .  sine you know , we're going to be haring the space and we would like both of us to benefit ...  let me propose that maybe we can talk about which of these 5 issues is actually most important to you .  yea , and then we can probably , you know compromise in the interest of each other .  ok so which of these is most important for you ?  renovation costs .  for me , i would say ...  well i've go two .  yea for me hours of operations and grand opening date would be kind of important .  so why would the renovation costs be most important to you ?  ok , yea i guess the expectations are a bit high for selling wine your projecting that through , like and impression of class i see .  i see .  so the one reason is that i might be importing from like other countries and it will take some time to actually ship all the , the material .  and also i would like to make sure we have enough time to train and hire good employees and have enough time to train them .  actually that would be pretty important for you too i would suppose .  for me it would be best to start as late as possible which would be like sept 1st .  ok and less than that would be too little for you ?  ok .  so for me , since food like poultry kind of thing that i 'm doing ...  its not that much of a cost actually , decorate the store and all thatso the lower the better .  but if you could give me the god for sept 1st , i could give you 30 thousand i suppose .  yea ?  ok .  yea so the thing 's that we have a lot of breakfast stuff to sell like coffee and then like pastries and like all those things .  i mean , for those thing you actually can 't sell them raw of course and have to be made in the morning .  exactly , the business man and all of those people .  so for that reason it would be ideal for us to start the store at 6:30 .  might end up being a little too early for you butis that true though ?  oooh right!yea i see , that 's interesting actually .  cause i used to have a little different idea .  to offer them it might actually be kind of a nice thing if you could actually go to a wine store and buy a little bit of wine and then like afterwards you could go straight to a party .  and bring the wine too .  you don 't wan to waste time buying wine you know , after work .  you might , don 't want to be late for the party .  right .  well sine we're doing this together ...  i don 't know .  i was thinking it may be a nice thing if they can drop by our store , have a little breakfast and then during that time they can think about , well maybe i have some time now so why not get some wine for the party after work .  i mean , i think that 's kind of a novel idea that other wine stores would have never explored .  it 's a very new thing that we can do together because of the nature of our business .  i don 't know if you think that. .  yea so for ours , temperature is not that importantbecause of ...  i mean , i not like our products get bad if the temperature is high .  so i could go , i would say the higher the better .  but i can imagine that actually the temperature is pretty important for your business .  rightok yea , so if you could actually give me the hours  of operations , 6:30 to 6:30 then i 'd be happy to go down to 65 degrees for temperature .  7:30 , i 'm think maybe might be 7:30. .  67 degrees , would 69 be too high for your wine preservation ?  ok..yea , because itsyea yea that 's a good idea .  i would imagine that you guys might need a little more space than we do .  i don 't know i 'm just guessing .  ohi was thinking like 60% would be like ideal .  yea if we could get it , that 'd be great .  oh that 's right .  yea exactly .  yea yea yea .  is that , is that really good enough for you ?  ok yea i guess yea , i didn 't really think about the fact that you can start ...  be comfortable with. .  no 60% is perfect for me .  yea i mean. .  yea and having too much space is not really good60% is perfect .  right .  so ...  for the temperature , yea 65 degrees would be fine .  yea , that that was the best for you right ?  yea , its possible .  73 degrees , that 's supposed to be good enoughand that 's definitely less costly .  right but like i said , i 'd be happy to go down to 65 right. .  i mean like i said the higher the better for me   but for me the hours of operations .  yea , to be competitive to other stores and all that its kind of important to yea i think , i actually think that too .  and if we start at 7:30 that would probably not give them enough time to actually shop for wine .  which would actually sacrifice my brand new idea .  they can either eat a little breakfast then shop for wine .  yeathat 's true .  oh yeayea yea , that 's a good idea .  and that 's totally a new market .  yea a lot of our products are like breakfasts kind of stuff and we've got the only kind of sandwiches .  since the majority of the stuff is breakfast , that 's like the , the source of our profits , it 's kinda important to buy as early as possible .  but do you think that the closing at 6:30 would actually harm your business ?  would you think that the people after work would want to drop by in the office , trying to get people in there you know might want to be back home by 7 pm anywayfor dinnerright .  yea if i can get the yeathat sounds wonderful .  oh so we're done .  yeapretty good .  oh yea .  this is higher than i expected .  oh great , thanksright yea , yea .  that 's what i thought .  ok my names ednice to meet you .  so what 's your name ?  so you are i imagine the owner of the wine store that 's going in next door .  ok .  so you wanna dive right into it ?  ok , so what 's your first choice for hours of operation ?  ok i definitely hear what your saybut we get a lot , a lot , a lot of breakfast , breakfast business .  we sell you know pancakes , breakfast stuff like that .  we actually have a little deli if i remember correctly , little deli and sell a lot of breakfast stuff .  so we have to be open for the breakfast crowd .  have to be open for the breakfast crowd .  wine , so what time do you think would be preferable ?  grocery , well the best time for me would be 6:30 am to 6:30 pmbut i understand that 's a little bit late for you .  lets look at it this way .  you're a high class wine store right ?  your going to be selling to people. .  the whole concept behind this would be , you know , people come in to buy stuff for making dinner  buy a couple of nice bottles of wine , go home , make dinner .  reality. .  i would imagine the traffic that your going to get in the night is not the traffic you want .  we're an upscale store right ?  so what if i understand that i can 't get my first choice and you can 't get your first choice cause that 's a deal barrier for me .  so what if we get agreed on like 7:30 am to 7:30 pm .  7:30s too early for you ?  well lets look , let 's look at what would bring a person , people into the store .  well what 's going to bring the individual into , into the store ?  they're going to come to our store probably because they want food and wine right ?  they want the raw materials to make dinner and they also want some wine to go along with dinner .  that means that we're not really going to have that much of traffic after dinner hours .  in fact the majority of the traffic is going to be before the dinner hours right ?  well you , your experience that , i don 't know if you have any other stores attached to groceries stores right ?  kinda demographics we're shooting at right now .  you know ?  all my other groceries don 't have wine stores attached to them .  so i 'm kind of , i 'm anticipating they're going to be a whole bunch of new differences that we come across .  come across .  wine , and how about 10:30 and 10:30 ?  well see that kinda that kills our entire breakfast ...  that 's where i get most of my profits .  why don 't we come back to that one ?  alrightyou want to , you want to provide them kinda like with a theme .  and with , with a really neat interior .  a really well designed place .  kinda off the side , off the topic for a second .  they've. .  i've got a chart here that says the options that i can suggest to you .  and it says that we can 't like , it says that i don 't think that we're allowed to ...  it says here please note that you must choose among your optionsso i don 't know if we're allowed to be in reality we 'd be creative right ?  but i don 't think we're going to be creative .  i don 't think they want us to be creative here .  please yea please limit yourself to these options for the purpose of this negotiation .  you don 't have the same choices ?  wine , yes i dooh you do ?  ok .  yea that 's yea that 's , that 's twice my maximum budget .  20 thousand is my absolute ceiling20k is the absolute ceiling .  that 's the best i can do .  i mean not like not non negotiating .i can 't do it more than that .  so in essence i 'd be spending 20k ?  i'll tell you what , i'll tell you what tell you what; i'll give you 30 thousand if our store hours can be 7:30 to 7:30 .  its our breakfast that i 'm concerned about .  so your suggesting 10:30 to 10:30 ?  well see i would kinda disagree with thatbecause if..10..if our wine sales are selling at 10:30 ...  i mean even out in like dupont , 10:30 is kinda like a void .  that 's between the time when people are finishing up the diner and going out .  there 's not a lot of sales going on there .  then after 8 o clock , but i  i would , i would agree in concept to staying open till like 2 in the morning .  if we're gonna stay open latestay open really lateexactly , exactly .  so we shouldn 't try we should try to do one thing well as opposed to splitting the difference .  and staying open till 10:30 is splitting the difference .  but if we ...  but if we open for breakfast , we can get , we can get the breakfast crowd .  which is very very lucrative .  my highest option is 30 thousand .  yea .  it 's the highest choice i have .  so 30 thousand and we'll go ?  ok we can do that .  let me just settle with you .  phew alright on to floor space .  okyou need half the store ?  oh you don 't want to display it all at the same time .  so you want essentially half the store .  i need a little bit more space .  i need 60% of the store .  i 'm already cramming in everything i have .  so could we , could we agree to 60% of the store for me ?  i need a little bit more space .  and that 's me negotiating down too .  cause my optimal is 70% of the store .  so we're kind of splitting the difference there .  60% of the store .  ok temp and the grand opening date .  should we go with the temp first ?  alright so well i imagine you probably want it colder for some reason ?  i can tell because ioh it  it stops the wine from dying ?  see the problem i have is the opposite .  the colder temperatures tend to degrade most of the stuff i have .  in fact most of the dry goods i sell do better in warmer climates .  what if we split the difference at 71degrees ?  that 's the middle of the chart for me .  yea that would that , would freeze my stuff .  i 'd be selling ice .  that 's still actually the lowest , the lowest of the low on my chart .  how about actually 69 degrees ?  how about 69 ?  69 ?  okin april ?  that 's an impossibility for me .  i cannot even get them here , until , until august .  i wanted september .  september have been my best choice .  see i don 't know if we can do that in the with in the bounds of lets negotiate .  lets negotiate .  i'll tell you what .  i'll give you 65 degree in temperature if you give me aug 1st .  yea , cause i simply can 't get my stuff here .  it takes me 45 months  if i place my orders today it takes me ...  from asia and europe .  wine , asia , well as you mentioned the marz season is in july and aug and you won 't get lots of crops after that point nice try65 with aug 1st .  how about 69 and july 1st ?  how about july 1st and 69 degrees ?  how about july 1st and 67 degrees ?  well ok ...  if its crucial  as you just said if its absolutely cruciali'll give you 65 degrees if you give me aug 1st .  cause aug 1st isn 't as crucial as your wine long term of your wine is right ?  i 'm trying to give you a choice i 'm trying to , i 'm trying to help you out by giving you a choice so we can be more diplomatic right ?  i agree .  but i don 't think we can mess with you knowhow about july 1st , 67 degrees ?  65 and aug 1st ?  ok .  we're done ?  alright!hey , good job negotiating .  you're a good negotiator .  heyi want to go for 15 thousand .  i just want it as low as possible .  so i to pay 15 thousand .  it 's my offer .  how about you ?  what is your offer ?  my preference is , i would , the only , my first offer is 7:30am .  but then , i want it to be as early as possible .  wine , ok , do you think we'll do business at 7:30 am ?  yea , we're selling coffees and breads .  and then we have some early customers and oh rather than talking about one topic i want to go over the floor space to what we have together  through out the whole space      i , i will offer 70% for me .  how much do you want to get ?  what do you mean 60% ?  ok right you offerok that 's rightwell actually my grocery store should be higher degree than 65 so i 'm leaning as the temperature 71 degrees .  and my opening date , i think , august 1st is about reasonable for me .  huh ?  i need more time for  train the employeesand preparing the food you know .  the food , food , the food we need is about preparations and getting the foods from all over the places .  and only later , i 'd like to have opening hours first .  how about you ?  so what date do you want opening date ?  okso how much is the renovation costs to you ?  you cannot , you cannot .  30 thousand ?  and your offering ?  for floor pace ?  floor space , yea , i 'm happy with that .  60 ?  for floor space ?  okoh ok .  40 for you and 60 for me ?  yea ok .  alright .  yea .  fine you know  its ok hereso , soso your prefer , you prefer 40% for you ?  40% for you than the 30% ?  then can you just give me probably more on the grand opening date cause you wanted june 1st .  then , because , you know , i have lost 10% floor space .  i wanted the floor space 70% but since this is fine then can you just give me the one month later than june 1st ?  yea that 's my first offer ...  nojune 1st ?  no its below my priority line .  well i think i think we'll keep june 1st if you cannot have 7:30 am opening and the 70 degrees 71 degree temperature .  doesn 't work for you ?  9:30 ?  so 69 degree 's your bottom line for temperature ?  oh 69 degrees ...  .i can july 1st ?  wait say that again .  69 degreesjuly1stand 9:30july 1st , 69 degrees , 9:30 and 15 thousand wait no how much did you say , renovation costs ?  20 thousand .  actually i would , i 'm happy with 60% floor space .  so i think we could wait on it .  or change that what if then , you give me the floor space would you get because at 9:30 am then can you give me august 1st , grand opening date ?  yeaand 69 degree temperature .  ok so we do 9:30am and 20 thousand , 60% floor space , 69 degrees and august 1st .  is it right ?  see if we can lower one of theok so you need more renovation coststhen we have this .  so 9:30 , 60% , 69 degrees , aug 1st , but you want to have 25 thousand ?  if i accept to 25 thousand , then can you give me the 2 more degrees of temperature ?  cause you can own you own air conditioner to have the temperature a little bit lower yea yea i saw that .  i saw them explain about you have to run your own air conditioner .  if the the the floor space temperature would be lower  it says to me , a little bit about air conditioning .  ok so you you don 't have  you cannotso you absolutely cannot go nook how about hours of operation ?  i can give you 25 thousand but can you open one hour earlier , 8:30 ?  do it ?  ok then lets. .  25 thousand , 60% , 71 degrees , and aug 1st , right ?  no at this point no .  if i give then i need more points in two other places .  i don 't think it 's gonna work for you .  so , 9:30 , 25 thousand , 60% , 71 degrees , august 1st .  what do you think ?  we are on time .  ok ?  thank you .  it was funare we on time ?  hi my name is paul .  i 'm good how are you ?  yeah , the grocery store .  you're wine ?  ok i think this situation will be a little bit hard like because okay .  i am from korea .  where , you're from here ?  how do you start ?  i think , of course i think this is , i mean a very difficult situation because like we have like hours of operation .  maybe you're a wine shop maybe right so like you want to you want to open the store to late night because people go to your store at night usually , not in the morning right .  but i have to sell the breakfast and coffee for the people who come visit the company .  so for me the earlier , the earlier the better .  so our renovation cost is around , usually wine store you need to look fancy , luxury .  the grocery store i think i don 't have to spend too much money for renovation cost and floor space tooand temperature maybe we have different idea about that and opening date .  i just want to go over each by each and i want to listen to your suggestion and i'll give my suggestion .  so what do you think about hours of operation ?  9:30 is too latebecause people come into company early .  i think it 's 9 o'clock right ?  wine , but if you open at 8:30 so they could get to work at 9 ?  yeah i think so , may suggestion is yeah i totally understand your situation .  so i mean 6:30 is a little early for me too , i mean for the breakfast people .  anyway , i prefer 7:30but maybe at 7:30 your store i mean if you , if the shop open , close at 7:30 you might have some problems .  s0 i think my suggestion 8:30 because 8:30 people come into the , i mean usually people come into their company usually by 9 o'clock and after 8:30 you have some , i mean , you can serve some wine .  maybe you can  .by 9 o'clock .  i think it is going to be fine .  how about renovation cost ?  i personally agree with that that , agree that we need renovation but my focus on renovation is i mean , not the fancy .  i mean my concept of renovation is clean not fancy .  so i mean , if i make my grocery store fancy maybe people think it 's trick or and it 's very easy to get dirty .  i think , that 's why i think i need renovation but i don 't know , my store doesn 't need renovation that fancy and my focus is clean so so how much money do you suggest ?  25 , 000 , okay .  okay , that 's good then .  how about floor space ?  i think so .  yeah i have more products maybe .  i need i mean i need more employee and little more space , so i mean in that case i can pay more .  i think , as i told you i spend i need little bit more space , maybe 60 percent .  yeah , 60/40 for space .  is that a problem ?  that 's right , that 's right .  ok that 's fine .  what about temperature ?  yeah i have my temperature at uhh that 's true .  ahh you have a wine so you are serving only wine not beer .  oh really ?  so what is your suggestion ?  well because we are selling a vegetable , some kind of fruit so maybe ...  i think it needs to be a little bit cold .  i mean not cold i mean cool .  wine , 65 degrees is that too cold for you ?  65 is a little bit cold , i guess .  yes 65 is a little bit cold .  what about 69 ?  it 's a big difference ?  some of my products shouldn 't be like over , over 80 degreesyeah but i have to buy other acumens to this one and if temperature is too cold , i have to spend , i have to pay more energy cost , i mean energy price .  i understand your problem like your wine needs to be cold .  but i don 't think 69 and 65 is not that different .  and after that i mean we can say 69 works and after that if you have some problem we can change .  if you say 65 is fine , i mean  i don 't think 65 and 69 is that different .  what about open date ?  you want to open as soon as possible right ?  yeah , but i have some , i need some timebecause some of my product like some of my primary product i have to import from other countries , and usually i have to higher some people to work for me .  so i need some time .  i don 't want to open the store that late .  how about i think june how about july 1st , it 's really late ?  yeah i think i need to hurry for openingbut i think i can hire and train people for opening for a month in that casebut probably i have to get some special items from other country .  i mean it might take some time .  yeah i mean if i order special items out of the country so it might..usually the process is a little bit .  ok that 's good june 1st .  yeah it 's fine .  yeah .  hinice to meet you too .  i think we can start on our let 's prioritize one and we can probably come up with the others .  because there are just more employees involved with the grocery store .  and if i don 't have the employees ready and everything ready people come in they have a bad first impression of the store .  probably less people will come in the future .  i think the first impression is very important .  yeah , so what is your date ?  it will be hard .  i mean , cause with the later date you can also have more advertising done on the radioand its better because people will stop by and notice this new store more often .  so if you i can be more lenient on the other parts if you want to help me out on this one .  yeahi totally agree with you and how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  , see like it would be very hard for me to take a low degree .  how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  , so we can meet in the middle point if you agree .  oh definitelybut red wines you don 't need to keep them in the fridge .  and the liquors and vodka they're fine , they're totally fine .  you probably just need a very little fridge for beers and ice and your white wines you can keep them in the fridgethat will be more like inviting to the customers because they will be touching a cold white wine and for me it is a urge to drink it so okay , i see .  floor space ?  i guess i 'd go for 50 .  40 percent for you .  because floor is very expensive considering like monthly payment and also during like snow days .  how much you pay for cleaning up the parking lot is also determined by your space .  so for me to take a lot of space it would be like a you know , continuous expenditure .  well i can always maximize my storage by more shelves and everything .  yeah .  yeah i am just afraid that the extra space won 't cover my continuous cost monthly and for every winter and summer .  well if you can help me out in temperature or grand opening date i might be able to take up more floor space .  if i can if i can just lower my cost in temperature keeping the temperature i might be able to recover the local cost for paying the extra rent that i'll be paying for .  do you see what i 'm saying ?  okay .  do you want to do it in the interior or exterior ?  like what would be your emphasis on ?  yeah you probably want fancy furniture and stuff whereas for me it is just shelves and shelves and shelves and shelves and countersso wow .  $30 , 000 dollars , that 's a lot .  much less .  i would be go for 10 , 000because for me shelves are not really costly .  and the outside is really nice too , so .  and hours of operation ?  i understand you probably want to open up as late as you can because people don 't wake up early in the morning too .  but i would need to start baking my pastries and bakeries and get things ready for people .  definitely .  but umm .  august 1st ?  i might be able to .  yeah let 's take that down for now .  (include with above)what if i take up more floor space , can you cope with a temperature that 's higher than yours ?  i mean you want 40 percenti want 40 percent i mean yeah i 'm sorry if you take 60so if i satisfy you on that aspectis there any chance that you can take 73 ?  what if you do 71 ?  because you can add the fridge and the electricity cost .  half of it would be mine .  i would be covering your cost in electricity even if you are keeping a fridge and it would look good for your customer .  the cost will back to me .  renovation cost ?  if i sacrifice my hours of operation , can you settle for a lower renovation cost ?  what would be your limit ?  oh i thought we already settled that with the grand opening .  oh i see what you're sayingthat would be great .  but for hours of operation is really important to me too .  because if i don 't get the food ready people probably will not come since people like want to start shopping now .  would you settle for 8:30 ?  so if we settle at 8:30 yeah .  if i open 2 hours late can you minimize your renovation cost ?  yes/but that renovation cost is very very high .  i probably can 't afford it right away because i am just a little grocery store .  how about i cover all of your renovation .  i mean i agree with you on your renovation cost and you let me open early .  (include with above)cause that is important to me .  i am being very strict because i have to cook everything because otherwise i have nothing to sell .  so product is very important to me .  if i give you 30 , 000 for renovation , can you give me my hours of operation ?  people go shopping at 7:30 probably but then i cannot start cooking at 7:30 .  at least we should agree on what we did before .  grand opening august 1st is ok for you ?  so i'll take the 60 floor but you're going to give me the temperature right ?  i already delayed my grand opening date so and i 'm taking extra floor space and then i have to start in septemberbecause if i am taking 69 degrees then that will like an ongoing cost for me .  you see i 'm sacrificing a lot there .  you see i need september 1st otherwise it will be hard for me .  so if you give me september 1st , i can do 69 degrees for you and i can take 60% of the floor space , i can give you a renovation cost of 25 , 000 .  that 's like the next step to your bestand then i can do 8:30or 7:30 .  (include with above)okay , i'll give you 79 degree .  yeah and i'll take up the floor space .  so since you take the floor spacedo you want to open at 7:30 ?  and then renovation at 30 , 000 .  okay done!yay , i can go home now .  so you've been here less than 4 years ?  no i mean in this country .  where you from ?  hi .  my name is cassie and i 'm from the grocery store that will be combining with your winery .  so what i want to focus on is well i guess we should all talk about its hours of operation and then renovation cost , i think is one of the main points and then floor space we all want it looking nice and everything and then temperature and grand opening date .  wine , the no reason not to start at the beginning with the hours of operation .  what are you thinking in terms of hours of operation ?  well considering that i have a coffee shop that will open early , so it 'd be best for me to open as early as i can .  but i also take into consideration that you opened a winery and most people don 't go in the morning .  and given the options that we have i would say we could come to a sort of at a middle point .  so i think 8:30 for me is too late .  so i was thinking 7:30 am to 7:30 pm .  considering that most people don 't go out anymore after 7:30 .  if they were going to plan to buy something they have bought it already .  sure we could just put it down on there first .  well , i think we should talk about temperature next .  because temperature is not really a main problem for usconsidering that most of the food in the grocery store will be fine like regular temperature .  i am sure wine is the same way .  so do you want to say like the normal temperature which is like what other stores usually have like 73 degrees around there .  right so i think 69 is a little cold for some of my productslike i would say vegetables and fruits they might get frozen , maybe not frozen but damaged by the cold .  i would agree to 71 if that is ok with yousince 1 or 2 degrees wouldn 't make that much of a difference , right ?  alright so what do you want to talk about next ?  what do you think ?  ok well since consider that you want the temper well we were talking about the temperature earlier right ?  so you said you want the 69 degrees would be more likely ?  ok let 's see if i give you umm let me think .  ok if i take 60 percent of the space and i'll give you the 69 degrees would that work for you ?  rightok the next one will be the 2 most important one .  one is for cost and the other one is grand opening date .  wine , yesso umm i think we should talk about grand opening date first .  what do you think ?  ok well umm let 's talk about renovate 1st .  what is your maximum , what do you prefer to spend on your ?  i was actually thinking around 15 around there , but i guess we're pretty close , because i don 't think we'll need that much decoration .  i think what is more important is how our service is areand i believe that the day we open 1st would be the most important because the reason i chose september 1st is because that is the beginning of the whole school year and everything and i think people will be like buying more thingsbecause the weather is changing from like hot summer to like cold times .  i would think people would drink more wine like later after like july you know .  true .  rightso umm i think we should talk a little bit more about the temperature .  because it really worries me that if it is too low it would be not that good for my products to stay fresh ok .  rightok sure!ok well so far we have open from 7:307:30 ampm and then umm 20 , 000 renovation costs .  and umm 60 percent for me 40 percent for you in floor spacing .  and 71 degrees which i think is pretty average shouldn 't be any problem and then september 1st as our opening date .  so do you want to take a minute to think about it first before we decide ?  yeah i think i am content with the agreement .  alright!hello again .  well i mean obviously like i said i am really excited but there are a come really important things i would like to work out with you .  so have a meeting .  yeah i figured you would probably say that .  of course , i am a bakery so i sell coffees things in the morningi tend to serve morning customers .  that 's true , that 's true i do have some evening studiers which is very helpful .  so i don 't know , so give me a number , what sort of hours are you looking for ?  that 's a little bit late for me .  well i do want to try get things open a little bit later for youso maybe i could .  i could go to 7:30 .  yeahyeah cappuccino 's and it 's kind of like a coffee shop with some groceries that you can buy as well .  well how about is 8:30 ok ?  i mean boy i am really stretching it here .  you think so ?  ok well maybe we should come back to this .  there are some other things that i don 't know are really important to me and this isn 't quite as important .  actually the biggest issue for me its very important is opening date .  i need to do it later it is really critical .  why ?  geez , i thought the shop was really nice .  i mean you know it needs a little bit of work but i thought it was great .  wine , i think it just didn 't give everything on the decoration there .  because it is kind of a whole change because it is from some other things to this grocery and wine .  we should do some renovation let people know everything is here it is an easy shop you can stop by .  and i think in the long run the money will be paid back .  so i think if we pay more we will get more .  grocery , so how much are we talking ?  well you know that is more than i planned onbut i agree a really nice renovation could be fun .  but yeah i mean i think how about 25 , 000 ?  i mean is that that would help save me just a bit more .  to 8:30 you think so ?  yeah let 's do that so let 's agree , 8:30 ampm and 30 , 000 renovations .  okay .  but anyway the grand opening date is really important to meand i would really really like to push it back to september 1st .  i've got some products i 'd love to orderand i need to train some new employees .  well i mean there are things that i have to order from foreign countries and they take a long time to get here .  and then if we have a grand opening and i have employees who don 't know what they are doing that looks pretty bad .  well why is it late for you ?  i need some new ones .  i am not staffed enough right now .  yes i do .  it 's too late .  it 's going to be a real financial burden ?  i mean it 's really .  i 'm going to sustain .  i 'm not going to have the products in the store to by then .  i guess actually that brings us to the issue of floor space .  which is your bringing stuff in from your warehouse .  i have stuff as well .  how much floor space do you need ?  well great i need 60 percent so there you go .  well that actually i know is a problem because in breads they do well at a higher temperature .  well you know 71 72 degreesbut i know wines need to be stored chilled so .  and it is also you know a little more expensive to have that extra a/c on in the summerbut i know it is a problem with wines .  no actually apparently they do a lot better in warmer temperatures .  we've seen in the shop that they go bad more slowly if they're at higher temperature .  yeah i mean i do know that you need things a little bit coolerso i would be willing to go down to 69 if that is ok with you ?  so 69 degrees .  i mean i think this is going to be great .  yeah i think this going to be a good relationship so i am very encouraged .  but i do have to say the grand opening date is really really important .  i mean i am not going to have the employees .  we're going to be opening and .  if we lose one employee i am going to be in serious trouble .  yes i understand .  well i don 't know if this is ok according to the rules .  it is hard to do cross training but if i were to lose an employee , would it be possible for say you to request that your employees pick up some slack and like they do the cleaning the after hours cleaning and then of course i'll get an employee as quickly as possibleand then maybe i can push it up to august 1st .  august .  that 's true .  so you think august isn 't early enough ?  ughwell if you think about it we are paying more cost on rent than i had considered .  and i am wondering since we spending more on renovation maybe we should give the extra time to spend the money .  if you understand what i mean ?  and since i mean the renovation we can spend the money i am willing to spend itbut i am afraid we are going to get a sloppy job if we move up the opening date so early .  so is your store not going to be in operation at all ?  well i mean is your business in operation right now ?  so i mean is it really a big deal if you know you're running right now .  so actually , i 'm not sure why you want this date so far forward .  ok well .  well its employees and it 's also of course these international products that i 'm ordering they take a very long time to get here .  but i have to admit that 's not quite as important to me because as long as i have some on the shelves , then it will look good .  but i am worried about the employees .  and august is too late as well ?  alright well ok let 's go to july 1stbut i have to admit i am going to be leaning on you for employees during that time .  yeah i am sureyes i think so .  this is great i am really looking forward to our business together .  thank you .  hi i 'm erin .  okay .  well for me because it is a coffee businessi was hoping to open it earlierbecause people normally get their coffee early in the morning .  so for me i would prefer , i mean i am willing to 7:30 but generally i would prefer 6:30 .  what were you so 7:30 ?  it 's too early ?  but that 's so latebecause i have a coffee business .  maybe we could do in between 7:30 and 9:30 and open at 8:30 .  it 's too early ?  man 9:30 is too late .  yeah but if you think about it everyone gets their morning coffee before they go to work you know so if the business isn 't open it is a big part of my business i think .  10:30 oh wow .  oh man , well how about we skip this one and we'll come back .  i sell not only coffee but specialty pastries and a lot of breakfast items .  i would really like to have the store open early .  i know i figured it would be that way .  so yeah alright .  how much would you like to spend ?  30 , 000 ?  umm that is a lot .  well i personally think that the appearance is not that bad .  i think it is a nice area and i don 't think it really needs that much renovation .  i think having employees that are well trained and well balanced would be a better part of the company to spend my money onso i would much rather spend not 30 , 000 .  i mean maybe 15 , 000 or 20 , 000 even i would be willing to spend 20 , 000 .  i mean i personally would only like to spend 10 , 000 .  wine , ok but you know people usually prefer a comfortable and fun place to have drinks .  no matter they drink wine or coffee .  it 's worth spending a lot more on that .  because you know we'll cover the cost if we can attract more customers to come .  yeah , i mean a 20 , 000 is a good balance in between right .  i mean it is a good in between where we both you know .  20 , 000 ?  ok so we'll go with 20 , 000 .  alright how much floor space would you like ?  of the whole thing ?  and i'll keep my 60 percent ?  ok that 's fine .  would you like it colder ?  but for the temperature for the wine you could always have like a cooling system for your areabecause my food is very able to spoil .  i mean it keeps better in warmer temperatures .  so maybe we could say like 71 degrees .  yeah i mean 73 degrees it what i really like but 71 degrees is ok .  wine , no my wine has to be kept 65 otherwise else it will spoil .  but my food has to be kept at 7369 is finebecause you know i want to be able to work with you .  when do you want to open your uh ?  see for me i need to order supplies and i have a lot of different types of products that i sell .  so i really would prefer a later opening datebecause a lot of my items come from abroad .  i also think it is really important that we have good customer service and good employees so i would like more time to train them or whatever .  so i think the earliest i would be willing to open is july 1st .  i prefer august 1st or even september 1st .  wine , i prefer may 1stmay 1st ?  !i know buti know but i don 't have nay products so i can 't openbecause my products are coming from abroad .  like i umm i have a lot of items from abroadand i need time to hire and train people because i offer a wide variety of products and so they need time to learn about them .  so august 1st ?  how about how about july 1st ?  well let 's go back to hours of operation .  let 's see if we can make a deal .  so let 's see .  not yet .  so let 's see .  so you 'd like to open at 10:30 and i 'd like to open at 6:30 .  i mean but aren 't there laws that don 't let people buy alcohol past 9 o'clock anyway ?  so like what 10 ?  how about we'll do yeah um the only problem is over time i would make a lot more business being open earlier .  how about we go to the medium on both since these are both very uh serious issues .  well 8:30 and july 1st ?  july 1st is a compromise on both sides and 8:30 i guess is early enough for people to , i mean generally people get their coffee at 6:30 but i guess there are a few stragglers who will get their coffee at 8:30 .  and then i mean people will be going out more after and not going to the store .  so 8:308:30 .  does that sound reasonable ?  yeah .  so eight thirty eight thirty 20 , 000 for renovation , 60 percent , 69 degrees , and july 1st .  ok .  cool .  so are we done .  we're done right ?  so what do we do ?  how long was that ?  hi .  so let 's talk about it .  i would just say that the very important thing for me is the opening date .  so i would prefer september 1st .  is that ok for you ?  for example what temperature would that ?  so you want september 1st and 65 degree ?  ummm let 's see .  i prefer how about 69 degree and you want august 1st right , august 1st and its only 5 degrees well 4 degrees actually yeah .  right but my thing is that if the temperature is too low it 's hard for me to keep my stuff so .  so we need to yeah , we need to find some in between .  so for you the important thing is temperature .  how about if i agree to august 1st and 67 degrees can we let the hours be 7:30 am ?  7:307:30 ?  is that ok ?  yeah let 's just combine the 3 .  cause you know i just withdraw .  i mean i just allowed large temperatures .  it 's like 3 below 67 .  if temperature is so important for you and i would give that up in exchange for opening date and hours of operation .  ok ?  ok so you want..the thing for me is like it 's grocery store .  we need to sell breakfast .  if we open like 8:30 who 's going to buy .  because at that time most people have already gone into office , so i don 't know .  so what if we make it this august 1st , 65 degree , and 7:30 .  is that ok ?  renovation cost and floor space .  i think that will be done quickly right ?  umm ok so which one is important for you ?  which one do you prefer ?  i think wine floor doesn 't really need to occupy so much space right ?  wine 's like small space so .  you want how much renovation cost do you want ?  i don 't know renovation cost is something we need to split or what do you mean .  because i don 't know what 's the total that 's the thing i want to know .  what 's the total cost we should split up ?  should we ask her ?  should we stop and ask her ?  i don 't see anything that umm .  the total probably is 40 , 000 right ?  maybe i guess .  i don 't know what 's the total so like we can discuss how to split them .  so what 's your budget ?  what you want 30 right ?  wine , 30 yeah .  you want 30 , 000 .  right i think i should ask her .  should we stop here or ?  you want 30 and you want .  hum ?  oh yeah you want 40 or 30 ?  oh ok , yeah you want 40 percent .  uh huh , if it 's 30 how much do you want ?  uhhuh .  i wanted to make it 60 percent for myself , which means you can 't .  you occupy 30 percent and .  right i want 60 percent and your going to have 40 .  that 's what i want and umm i intended to have the renovation cost at 15 , 000 .  so i don 't know .  i think floor space is something we are within reach because we are not far away from each other .  the thing is renovation cost .  i wonder because i don 't think wine store costs so much .  wine store you don 't have to spend too much money .  well actually sometimes when you look into the antique store you feel like they have history .  you don 't feel bad with that .  right so i don 't think we have to spend too much .  well the thing is i think right your right .  that 's how much you are going to spend monthly that 's cleaning cost that 's not renovation cost .  so i am thinking like maybe we can reach the like lower renovation cost .  and maybe we are going to clean it more often .  so renovation cost it 's something we can really cut down .  so how about 60 percent how about 20 , 000 renovation cost ?  and i'll take 60 percent floor space ok ?  we are so quick .  so we agreed on 5 items .  hours of operation 7:307:30 , renovation cost 20 , 000 , floor space 60 percent for me 40 percent for you , temperature 65 degrees , grand opening date on august 1st .  okwe are so quick , we're done in 10 minutes .  so , i guess we have to divide up the space .  9:30 would be too late .  since it is in d.c .  , most of the work crowd would probably be at work .  i was hoping hit them on their way to work .  so i was thinking more along the lines of 7:30 .  right and 10:30 is too late for me .  that would be a possibility .  we can come back to that if that is okay .  okay , what is something else that is very important to you ?  okof course , i am on the opposite end of the spectrum and don 't think i can spend that much on renovation cost .  but i do understand your point wanting to do better advertising and draw more customers in .  that would also benefit me .  so perhaps we can make a deal so that you can have maybe not 30 , 000 in renovation cost but higher renovation cost and i could have more floor space or more say on a grand opening date .  if i could have more floor space or a different grand opening date .  have a little bit more say in that area .  i would definitely enable you to have more say in renovation cost and temperature per say .  ideally i would like 60 percent .  oh that would work out perfectly , then .  i would prefer later .  that would also allow the renovation to take a little longer and us to make it look betterso i was leaning towards august or september .  wine , oh really ?  yeahfor the grocery store mostly since it is a bakery , temperature doesn 't matter to us that much .  we would prefer a higher temperature to keep energy costs down .  but obviously since you are a wine store .  perhaps if we open a little later temperature wouldn 't have to be as cool to begin with saving a/c cost .  but i would be willing to open in july .  i don 't think i could open before july .  okof coursei would at least go to 69 .  okactually that is better for us .  so 25 , 000 renovation cost and 69 degrees .  so i guess we have decided on everything right ?  so we said 8:30and 25 , 00060 percent of the space69 degrees and open july 1st .  hiumm for my grocery shop we sell the breakfast .  so as early as possible for me , like , the earlier the better .  yeah my ideal hours would be 6:30 to like morning to 6:30. .  so i 'm thinking probably we can umm compromise to open either 8:30or i was thinking 7:30 would be good for mebecause for your liquor store people can get the like wine after you get out of work .  and 7:30 will be kind of reasonable for them to well most of the people get off of work around 5:30 or sixish so 7:30 will be reasonable for them to get the wine after they get off workand it will be also workable for me like 7:30 is the time you go to work  .  so it will be easy for me to sell breakfast and so wine , umm we can go with 8:30because it will sort of be in the middle for both of us .  because like most people go to work at like nine .  so they go to breakfast at like 8:30 or stop by and then it wouldn 't be open like it wouldn 't close too early for people that want to buy liquor .  grocery , umm ok i guess that makes sense we can take probably 8:30 until 8:30 at night .  i am more preferring 10 , 000 dollarssince my grocery shopping rather spend most of the money on the stuff and i would rather spend most of the money on like training the employees like the newcomer and stuff .  well i do agree with your point that the shop has to look nice and stuffbut i am also worried about the quality of our employees and like the people that work there like the service and stuff .  so i would rather spend more money on that one instead of spending how much money on like trying to make it look good and actually not have really bad service .  floor space ?  i was thinking like 60 percent of it .  yeah ok so i'll take 60 percent of the space .  i need it to be as hot as possible .  when is the best grand opening date for you ?  i think may 1st might be a little bit too fastbecause i have to order a lot of the food and like a lot of grocery stuff .  so i was thinking the later the better for me so like september 1st .  wine , ok so let 's see i agreed upon so i 'm thinking if we can open late i can agree with you on the temperature .  so i 'm thinking about august or septemberwine , alright if we open august 1st then can we keep it at 67 degrees ?  umm how about the renovation ?  okay we can do that .  so we can do 20 , 000 for the renovation and also 67 for temperature .  and august 1st for the grand opening date .  yeah .  nice to meet you .  and you are owner of the wine shop .  so we have like 5 issues to get agreements andfirst , i would like to talk about the grand opening date , because even though i have my own shop here , but i have to prepare a lot for the grand openeningso i would like to have it on september if possible .  the reason i want to have the grand opening so lately is , i have to train my keeperand i have to get another stuff from abroadand i also have to prepare a lot you know , because , that is the sort of my optimal time .  oh right , i think so .  so what is your mostly , sort of most significant things ?  alright then , what about this idea that i am going to , i am going to take your side on the decoration part , that i just want you to take my part on the grandopening date .  ahh , hold on please , hold on please .  alright , deal .  i am sorry , when we are open ?  oh , i 'm sorry , okay , oh okay .  that is very tough things .  i just thought about near business hour is a wide thing and you have to have like a customer finish their job and go to your shop .  they will be like 6pm or 7pm right , in the night. ?  but think of the my business , i think it is should be earlier .  right , our target is somewhat different .  my target is housewives .  your target is sort of housewives and men .  so i just want to warn you , basically , my ideal time is earlier the better , 6am to 6:30pm , but it also shouldn 't you have like 9pm9:30pm right ?  right , then what about this idea , basically the portion of the fresh items in the morning is not so big to me , so what about this idea ?  i am going to make it later then , if we got agreement on the sort of things like , i am concerned about the temperature ?  very very important thing to me because it is all about , so sensitive , vegetable is so sensitive , you know .  i would like to get agreement to be 71 degrees , then i am going to take like 8:30am and pm .  is it okay ?  well , basically it is sort of different than ordinary people 's ideas about vegetables .  my vegetables are sort of different here .  haha .  but aah , thinking about our usual temperature , my business does require the temperature to be like 71 degree .  so if you can agreement with that degree , i am going to agree with the hour of operation to 8:30 to 8:30 pm .  is that ok ?  69 degrees ?  opening at 6:30 , i mean 7:30 ?  that was my previous suggestion to you , i am going to have 71 degree and your are going to have 8:30pm .  that was my previous suggestion to you .  because i think the most of the i 'm sorry to say that i researched before this meeting that your targetting customers mostly by the winery or alcohol things from 5pm to 7pm .  so regarding that time range , i think your hours of operation should be close..it should be okay , 7:30 i think , because most of the customers order their things before 7 so i think 7 is quite good .  but if you want to cover another customers , your other loyal customers who visit somewhat lately then it would be ok 8:30 .  but if you are going to take 8:30pm , then please take 71 degrees .  alright , alright .  my max is 60% .  you're going to have 40% .  my optimal is 6:30 .  8:30 is my third , actually .  69 degrees ?  8:30 .  what about we decide this , 7:30 and 69 degrees ?  hold on , if you are going to take the least case with the grandopening date , then what is your ?  you can ask that ?  ok , deal .  i am going to take the 8:30 and 69 .  cool , cool .  how are you doing ?  my name is kurt .  yuta ?  i guess i 'm from the grocery shop and you're from the liquor store .  i guess well just let me know what 's most valuable to you in terms of these different issues .  well the issue here with the hours of operation is that my , you know , my shop has breakfast and we sell coffee and baked bread and so you know we wanted to catch the crowd that 's coming into work before 7 .  so we actually perfer the oppositeand i was thinking that might even be , you know , well i guess either time seems that it would benefit you because i have a feeling that most people would purchase items on their way back from work .   so , probably around 5 o clock which means after that , like an hour and a half before they get home .  no no .  5 o'clock in the afternoon .  when works done i figure that 's when most people will be doing their shopping .  so , you know , if you needed the alchohol for dinner you would probably still be getting it before 6:30 .  let 's come back to that lets just go to the other ones just so that we can get an understanding of what you want .  alright , well , you know , i can understand that point of view but being that the renovationsi think that we would be fine with just a little bitand i would rather spend that extra money on something like training employees .  so that 's like important to me too .  but let 's just let 's just keep going through these i think its easier to figure out what 's best .  so how bout the floor space ?  what 's your best for you there ?  alright well .  you would like 40% ?  alright well my request would be for 60% .  i don 't quite understand thati guess that would , that would be fine for both of us , right ?  i don 't know .  yeah , so i mean , if your interested in 40% , 60% would work best for me .  so that seems like an agreeable place right there .  40% for you and 60% for me .  alright .  and for the temperature .  you know we got the one space so .  a higher temperature would be more beneficial to usbecause you think preserved well and it helps us keep down on air conditioning costs .  below 70 % ?  70 degrees yeah .  ok .  so alright so you would prefer that .  and how bout the opening date ?  alright well um .  yeah here i would like to have more time for trainingso actually the later the better  for me yeah also i got to order some special items that are going to take a while to get here so it would be pointless for me to open too early then i wouldn 't have anything to sell .  alright well lets just look over these options .  what 's , how do you , what 's your different preference the different categories .   like what cate  can you rank those for me ?  like , which of those is most important for you ?  okay and how bout can you just go straight through ?  so yeah but look the floor oh floor space we already did that .  ok well if you would agree with me having the opening date at the latest point then i would be willing to give you the you know full amount for the renovation costdo you agree with that ?  alright cause then i wouldn 't mind throwin the extra money for the last one if we opened earlyand that would also give you the improvements you need .  and  let 's see well  as for the temperature i would like to set it set it highand maybe i think that because i have 60% of the floor space that means that i would be paying a larger percentage of the rent so i would be paying a larger percentage for the heating and air conditioningso would you be open to possibly doing the temperature at 71 degrees ?  well how do you feel about the hours of operation .  maybe would could make an arrangement there .  if you it , it seems like the midway point for us would be 8:30 to 8:30so maybe if i was willing to go down to 69 degrees you 'd would be willing to let me open the shop at 7:30  hours of operation .  what i 'm saying was if right now i 'm sayin right now you want the hours of operation to be 8:30 to 8:30 , i would like it to be 7:30 to 7:30 .  right now it 's the same for the temperature where you would like it to be 69 degrees and i would like it to be 71 .  so yeah .  there 's no way i would do it before , or after 9 , for sure .  so i definitely can 't do those cause that 's when most people start work , right ?  and thewhat i 'm saying is then on the options left , i would be more willing to give up some temperature rather than give up the hours of operationbecause i won 't mind paying a little more for the heating cost or the air conditioning cost if we're able to make more money by having better hours .  it seems like there 'd be no way you 'd be willing to do the temperature above 70 degrees right ?  so we have to reach an agreement on these remaining three options in each category .  and what i was saying is that since i do have more floor space i would prefer to have a higher temperatureto , to keep the costs down since i would be paying morebut i would also be willing to be more lenient on the temperature since i would able to make more money off of having better hours .  so  so i would propose 7:30 to 7:30 on the hours of operation if i could be more lenient on the temperature .  does it matter wether its lower than , like , is 67 better for you than 69 or does it make a difference ?  so you have the same issue ?  well there 's no way that i 'd be able yeah i think i see where your coming frombut the fact is that not that many people are gonna want coffee at night; the interest is going to be in the morning .  we have the opposite agreement .  you 'd like it to be lower and i 'd like it to be higher .  and what were you thinking for temperature ?  you 'd leave it at 71 if i could have the hours of operation at 8:30 ?  um  alright  alright i 'd be i 'd be willing to do that i think .  so you're saying the temperature is 71 degrees and the hours of operation are 8:30 .  alright i would i 'd agree to that .  yeah well i 'm glad we could come to an agreement on this .  so let me just go over this so we have the 8:30 to 8:30 for hours of operation , renovation costs are 30 thousand , floor space is 60% for me and 40 for you , temperature is going to be at 71 degrees , and the grand opening date will be at sept .  1st .  alright great .  yeah .  thank you .  i look forward to doing business with you in the future .  nice meeting you .  my name 's melissa .  allison , nice to meet youi would like to know what time you wanna open the store ?  how bout the renovation cost ?  30 thousand .  floor space ?  40% .  ok , temperature ?  65 dgrees .  and grand opening date ?  may 1st .  ok , and well since mine is the grocery shopand the best time for me to open is actually 6:30 .  and the renovation cost is 10 , 000 .  floor space is 60%temperature is 73and grand opening day is set on the first .  so basically nothing works but floor space .  ok that 's good .  and we have to get hour of operationok let me say mine first .   i can push mine hour back for an hour so i can open at 7:30 .  and for the renovat , renovation cost i can spend 15 , 000 .  and for temperature i can give you 69 degrees .  and grand opening day is august 1st .  can i actually ask if you open at 10:30 when is the max imum point you can earn ?  for your price , the number put in the parenthasis .  that 's the maximum you can get .  240 ?  so to open later8:30 if i push to 9:30 for the other part of the rest .  like that 's what i thought .  so its kinda weird .  well anyway i have to follow the rules so if i open at 9:30 the temperature has to be 73 .  yeahwell ok .  so for the renovation , renovation cost ok so you want 20 ?  okay 25 is okay so but the grand opening day has to be september 1st or the temperature has to be 73 degrees .  it depends on what we choose .  71 degrees and august 1st ?  wait a second .  so you're saying then what time do you want to open if the temperature is 71 degrees and august 1st ?  9:30 ?  uhuh .  no .  8:30 ?  ...  ok 8:30 is good so that 's all ?  so 8:30 yeah 25 , 000temperature is 71 and grand opening date is august 1st .  anything you want to change ?  i think that we got different prices .  i think that we got different price for our the renovation cost i gave you 25 , 000 and the hour hours of operation is same .  ok so temperature temperature can be 69well how bout if the renovation cost become 20 , 000 ?  69 degreesyeah yeah temperature and the grand openeing date and the hours of operation are all keep the same .  i was wondering how we could i put the renovation cost to 20 , 000 .  oh really  ok   then how about 7:30 to 7:30 , would that be a big loss to you ?  which one has to be last ?  uh huh  so far but the temperature  so you can put the temperature to 71 degreesbecause it 's a big loss for me if you take the grand opening day .  what ?  what did you say again , i 'm sorry ?  yeah so what did you say about renovation cost ?  how much point did you get for your temperature if it 's 69 degrees ?  a hundred ?  how bout hours of operation ?  okokso we set ?  should we tell her ?  this is so funny negotiation .  well , the things i was thinking was that people a lot of people work .   so we kind of like have this special fast food place they can just grab a bagel or pastry when they're heading off to workso i was thinking maybe 7:30 to 7:30 .  where as like most people , they go to your wine store and they buy something while they're going home to have dinner with .  so so i was thinking maybe the renovation cost shouldn 't be as much as , shouldn 't make it like really luxurious and stuff because customer service is more important .  cause i can 't afford it then .  well i need a lot of floor space .  i mean that kind of works out for the both of us cause you you don 't want to use a lot of floor space cause you can 't afford it .  so i was thinking oh , it says that like the majority .   like some kind of like bread preserve and meat and stuff like that .   they need to be um they need to stay preserved at a higher temperature that i guess and for the grand opening datei was thinking maybe , i was thinking um. .  the grand opening date should be as late as possibleso um i guess we'll talk about the hours of operation and the cost and space and temperature .  yeah .  hours .  sure .  uh huh .  ok .   ok .  well for me earlier is the betterbecause it 's a specialty shop we sell like coffees and like donuts and those like you know morning stuff so yeah .  so i don 't know i guess we are in the opposite so rightyeah sure  maybe  well breakfast i guess the company 's place to start you know like work starts around 9 ?  yeah that way you'll have you know your like right yeahwell for me its um we have um we have  right  yeah well we need money for like training new employees and those tooand not sure if we really need that much work for inside especially .  so. .  yeah but .  yeah .  yeah but there are things like we need to train like you know to make the employees like you know special like and they have to have some knowledge on like both wine specialty thingsright so i don 't think we should spend that much money to like renovate and i think we can like you know slowly renovate like you know little by littleyeah let let 's say 25 , 000 for now and maybe we can move on and right .  and floor spacethat 's great because i would like 60% .  so hey that worked .  ok so how bout the temperature .  yeah , right .  65 ?  that 's a little too chilly for me cause because there are things yeah um  i understand like all the wine and you know temperature yeah and like for the customers yoo i think we want it like a little how bout a little more because the what i was aiming for was 73 soyeah so how bout like 69 is that ok ?  how bout the openingyeah and i 'm still ordering things from i 'm still importing so maybe right .  so how bout like how bout august .  like you know people like come back around august .  oh yeahyeah , yeahok so i guess we are in agreementyup .  uh huhyeah , yeah .  