i 'm jennifer .  i 'm jing tian .  so you own a wine shop , that 's , that 's you ?  yeah .  you own a grocery store ?  yeah .  i like it a lot .  how 's your , how 's your wineshop doing ?  doing good .  how 's your grocery store ?  its good .  are you excited about this possibility ?  yeah i mean .  i 'm looking forward to working , actually , collaberating with youi think it 's a good oppurtunity for both of us .  yeah .  i think its good too .  so let 's talk about something that 's really important and so about our operations .  what 's your idea about that ?  well it 's a bakery among other things .  you know , we sell a lot of breakast itemsso ?  early is really good for us .  so , ideally i 'd like to do 6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  for me actually , you know for the alcohol shop , that is a place to go out for dating and things thatthe later is better for me actually .  yeah .  that 's what i figured .  yeah .  so i think the the later time is better for me .  i 'm not sure whether we can negotiate about this and reach a time and schedule that ?  that would be good for both of us .  yeah , i know that , i've got a little bit of give there but not a whole lot .  so ?  let you do something else .  like other things ...  yeah .  we sell all kinds of groceries .  so , so once you get past , you know , 8:30 its really not gonna  , were not going to be doing much business at all .  so i think that the grocery store , grocery , people buying things all the time , everyday .  it 's not , its ?  not only at 8:30 in the morningyeah .  so ?  and for those housewives that have nothing to do in the daytime and somebody will go back , go to go to the grocery store during their daytime after they get up , they figure out , they bring their kids , and they do all the housework and then they go out .  and also in , in at night , when people go out and drink wine , out buying  alcohol they can also stop by your grocery store and buy something .  i believe , i don 't think like , everything after 8:30 means all business stop .  i , i , i , i don 't think so .  yeah .  well it 's ?  we got a peak in the morning .  i know .  i understand .  yeah .  i mean we definitely want to be open ?  into the evening .  so ?  yeah .  i think actually that breakfast is your big business time .  and , a , like evening is my big business time .  grocery , yeah exactly .  your not going to do any business at 6:30 in the morning .  right .  but , things are not like any time after , anything other then that time you where have no business , it 's not like that .  so , well i think we can negotiate something inbetween that both of us can ?  although not reach our peak time but still get some work above the level of business .  yeah .  yeah , maybe we should set that one aside for , for , a little while and ?  do you want to set that one aside for a while ?  and see ?  yeah and we can ?  yeah .  cause some things you'll get more closer to what you want and somethings i'll get closer to what i want .  we'll see .  ok , ok , ok .  what are you thinking about floor space ?  floor space ?  actually , i think , uh , 40% is ideal for me .  40% percent ?  yeah .  it will give me enough space to put my stock while you have to do the rest of the store for groceries .  what about you ?  um , actually ?  so 40% for you ?  40% is ideal ?  but..is ideal .  well you know what , 60% is ideal for me .  oh really ?  so that 's perfect .  that 's good .  so then we're set on this .  yeah .  well good cause that seems like a nice balance .  you know , your wine will , wine will , draw people in , its flashy and ?  good .  what 's next on the list .  how about temperature ?  temperature ?  since i 'm storing alcohol , so the lower temperature is betterit 's for a storage thing .  i 'm not sure about you ?  for me , it 's um , most of my things are pretty shelf tabledso they ?  the less air coniditioning i have to pay for the better .  so ?  its good ?  to ?  the warmer the better ?  but , it 's not , so there is no harm to your groceries with the low temperature .  right ?  no , no there is no harm .  so that 's only the financial thing .  yes it 's just a finacial thing .  there is no interest in quality .  so i think we can negotiate a little bit more about this .  this is not a very key issue about this .  i think the quality then the price that 's always the very , most important .  so let 's talk about other things and come back to that .  grand opening day , how are you feeling about that ?  well , since i 'm ready for business .  so , i just want after a couple i want to start business .  what about you ?  well , we , since we really pride ourselves on service .  we really want a lot of time to be able to set up , to , to , hire people , select the right customer service orientated people and train them really well .  so we really are hoping for september 1 .  oh my god .  i know .  that 's really late .  and i 'm , and i 'm sure you , you wanna get in there and start .  yeah , you know it 's almost half a year past till september 1rst .  yes , it 's a while i know .  actually , well i think , do you think you really need , is that necessary for you to like to train , to spend that much amount of money to do all this thing .  well , its just that we really want a quality operation .  and i feel like if we get off on the wrong foot .  you know you start and ?  but your not worried about losing business during this whole halfayear ?  no that 's not really , not a concern .  because we got our other shop running right now .  and so we'll have to do a transition over .  so its , its , september 1 , is really ideal .  okay ?  okay ?  you have to ?  you won 't do any harm .  if you have lots of other stores is there anyelse .  you can just copy those systems already and use any innovation you want , you want train this new store to have something new ?  if you just want to keep your business , why didn 't you pick to copy the old system .  well actually , were going , were going to bring the whole operation over .  but , for whatever reason we can 't bring our employees .  so we really need to hire new employees and train them .  i think because the commute is going to be too difficult .  so we'll have to , the people , we'll have to hire new people at this location .  so ?  what do you think if you , took some of the , part of your employees , to the new place and to train .  well you can have them train in the first very beginning and then you have some old people with the new people , that will be , that will be very helpful .  and that will be ?  maybe .  we might be able to , we might be able to negotiate a little bit .  just ?  yeah .  because i think the later we start , the less business we have ?  so we were thinking , yeah i know your , your , worrying about the quality of your service but you also should consider your business .  half a year , it 's , it 's , it 's , a lot .  so sounds like that 's kind of a sticking point for us now too .  what about renovation costs ?  renovation costs ?  because this is an alcohol store , so i really don 't care about how much i 'm going to pay , i just want the best looking of the stores .  so the much i pay the more i feel better .  we're going to pay all , so i think 30 , 000 , 30 , 000 dollars is great .  so were , i think the new place already looks pretty good , we're pretty happy with how it is .  so , were , you know , were trying to keep costs low ?  you know as much as possible .  so we were , we were , shooting for 10 , 000 dollars .  10 , 000 dollars .  do you think that if your store like appears decent outside the present it will be more attractive to customers and they will be more willing to go into it and buy things .  i think so .  but , also like i said , i am pretty happy with the condition .  i feel like it looks pretty good already .  and i am happy with how it looks now .  okay ?  so ?  yeah , that 's an area we can negotiate on , i think that if you could give some on maybe the hours or grand opening date .  i think that we could give some on the renovation .  yeah , the thing that i do to want to insist is the temperature because this would have no harm to your product quality and is very important to the product , to the quality of my product .  so i do really want to insist on this item .  if you could give up other things that those , then i will really appreciate .  then i can give up the , my renovation thing .  well , i can give some on the temperature but , the , i could also give some on the renonvation .  the hours are going to more long lasting and i , you know , and that is more important to me , and the grand opening date is more important to me .  but ?  the temperature we can work with you on that and the renovation cost .  do you think you could ?  do you think you could go 8:30 on hours of operation ?  8:308:30 ?  i think that 8:30 is the lastest we can really start .  because ?  so i we can start with the easiest one 's first and leave the hard for last .  so i think temperature is maybe the easiest one 's first , we'll solve this problem soon .  so temperature and the renovation ?  so if we give the ?  grand opening and hours are very important to you , then we might want to make sure that we ?  i don 't want to leave two tough issues for last .  okay ?  okayyou know , we're going to be working with each other for a long time .  and i want to make sure we're both happy with , i think , what we come out with .  you don 't want to start off on the wrong foot here .  that 's right .  and ?  i think , let 's see ?  .for renovation ?  what do you think about ?  25 , 000 thousand ?  well , i think it 's , i can accept this .  25 , 000 is a lot of money .  let 's see what we think , hold that ?  andso could you like , give me the 25 thousand here , and the 65 .  if i could get the grand opening date septermber 1rst , i would be happy to go to 65 degrees .  well , septermber 1st is definitely not going to happen .  what do you , what do you think is the most you can ?  the latest you can go ?  the latest for me i think is , july , july 1rst .  know what ?  i 'm thinking in the summertime people tend to go out more and to do more outdoor activities .  so they might want to do , they will have more time standing outside of their home like , doing grocieres , buying shopping , going shopping and getting alcohol and whatever .  so i think that if it 's near september , were going to winter , they will be only less likely to go out to have outdoor activities and more likely to spend time at their homes .  so i think that ?  in that case ?  keeping business in the summertime is an important issue .  although you say your training stuff is more important , but i do think that keeping business in the summer , business is better than business in the winter .  let 's hold that as a possibility , the delay .  and hold the 25 , 000 dollars as a possibility for the renovation costs .  i mean were both happy with the floor space so that 's done , so that 's done. .  great .  that 's done .  uh ?  the hours of operations .  to ?  if we go past 8:30 , i think were just going to miss all the breakfast , you know all the people , going into work grabbing a muffin and coffee .  i think if we go past that it 's going to ?  uh ?  but i think that if it 's earlier then 8:30 , then no business will happen for the ?  alcohol ?  i mean  , it 's a , it 's a fairly residential neighborhood .  it 's , it 's not going to be a late night operation , i don 't think .  i think 8:00 , 8:30 is pretty good .  especially when you think about winter time people are not going to be out and about that late .  and for a grocerystore/wine shop , it seems to me that 8:30 is pretty , pretty  reasonable .  people are still going to know that it 's there .  anything that they want to buy to make dinner that night they can , they'll definitely be there before 8:30 and even after dinner they can still buy it .  so you want to give me the 65 degrees and i  , i think i can give you the 8:30 schedule .  is that okay with you ?  the 8:30 ?  yeah .  the temperature thing .  yeah , i think i could do that .  okay , let 's see .  then the only thing left ?  is ?  the renovation and grand opening ?  right ?  well , actually , okay ?  do you think , um let 's see , do you think if we for the renovation , i could even maybe go 30 if you could see your way to august 1st opening .  okay , okay .  let me take a look at it all again .  our operation is from 8:30 to 8:30 and our renovation costs is 30 , 000 , floor space is 40% and ?  60% for me .  and temperature is 65 degrees .  and grand opening date is august 1rst .  okay then were set .  i mean , i am a little hesistant because i really like september 1rst .  oh yeah ?  that 's only one month and you can have your own staff to train , to train , your new staff .  and most of the time i think , without actually doing with certain people , you can not really grasp more skills .  and theres a different from real training and real actually doing the things .  so , i think that 's its wiser for you to just keep that month for that real train on duty .  they can learn something from that .  it 's not my issue ?  actually , i was worrying about hours of operation .  i know that really it 's not open that late and people tend to use alcohol at late at 9 .  i was kind of wondering about that .  well ?  if you wanted to go 9:30 , i could go september 1rst .  yeah that would be perfect .  that will work for you ?  yeah , that 's better .  okay .  and ?  you don 't wanna go back up to 25 for the renovation cost do you , cause that , that would help me out a little bit .  um ?  well ?  i think that would make money after this .  i don 't think that 's really a big issue .  just one time spent .  yeah were finished .  hi , my name is boand i 'd like to cooperate with you about the new grocery store .  i guess we have several problems to discuss with , like the hours of operation , the renovation; i guess we have the same issues to talk about .  what do you prefer for the hours of operation ?  well , because my store is a wine storewe really need to have the hours open a little bit laterbecause people are typically bringing in , coming in to get wine a little bit later for their dinners , or for parties .  so , we're hoping to stay , to open a little bit later , and close a little bit laterso that people can , our customers can come in and buy .  what i was hoping was to open around 10:30 and close around 10:30 at night .  i know you're a bread store so you probably have different needs .  yeah , it 's a little bit , like , inconvenient for mebecause the type of grocery store we sell bread , coffee , which is the breakfast issue .  so , well the , the best thing i was hoping is as early as possible like 6am , 6:30 in the morningand i 'm trying to see if we can get some agreement , like , if i open a little bit later and you move the schedule a little bit earlier , so we could be better ?  so ?  yeah , i can see why you want to open early because people will be coming in to get breakfast things , andotherwise , i wouldn 't have any profit for that .  right .  yeah , i can see how that would be bad .  well since we have to open and shut at the same time , let 's try to see ?  you said what time did you want to open ?  6:30 to 6:30pm .  okay , so for me , opening up a little bit earlier wouldn 't hurt my business at all .  although , because i wouldn 't have , i wouldn 't be getting customers .  but closing down early like at 6:30 for my business would be terriblebecause then everyone who is coming to get wine for dinners after work would not be served .  what is the latest , like the slot you could , i mean , the earliest closing time that you could get ?  i think , i 'd really like to stay open if not to 10:30 , till 9:30so that people who are on their way to a party can pick up their wine on their way .  when do you prefer to open then ?  9:30 ?  would that be okay ?  i guess that 's a little bit too late for me .  how about we skip this issue and move on to the rest and then go back to the first one ?  okay .  what time would you be willing to close for the hours of operation just to get a sense of ?  if not 6:30 then ?  like 7:30 would be fine ?  cause most of work is like 12 hours per day and 7:30 is still tolerable to me just on the breakfast .  but like 8:30 is maybe a little bit too latelike , everybody is just going to work and nobody is going to buy their breakfast on their way .  okay , well let 's think about this one like you said and maybe we can work it out based on some of the other ones as well .  do you want to talk about , just go on to renovation costs ?  sure .  why don 't you go ahead and ?  what is your need for your market ?  well , i don 't think i 'm going to spend too much on renovation ?  cause i had done the research and i feel like it 's not a big dealand i prefer to train my employees better that could save money , like , spend less money in the renovation and train my employees with those money that i save .  so i prefer like , to spend $10 , 000 on the renovation ,  ?  cause the situation is not that bad for the hardware of the store ?  so what do you think about it ?  well unfortunatley for our wine store , we really think we should have an upscale look , and this , the way the place looks is really not the image we're going for .  so i wanted to spend a lot more money on that to try to attract the customers from other wine stores and give them the impression that this is a fancy , nice place to shop for their wine .  so i was hoping to really refurbish mostly the whole store and spend about $30 , 000 on that .  oh , i understand .  well , it sounds too much for me , like , the general grocery store is just like the plain store , and we just want to make the customers feel convenient so that 's why i want to put money to train my employees to be more qualified instead of , like , have a really fancy space that they probably wouldn 't find what they need .  i guess maybe there 's something that we could spend the certain amount of money , reasonable amount of money , make the store , like , match your convenience and my goals too , both on the same way .  so maybe there 's some way when we really do the renovations , make your parts more impactive , that  keep mine parts , like , plain so we could use the amount of money we spend , still match your goal .  so what do you think about that ?  yeah , i think that we can do thatand especially if we negotiate on the day that we open , because what i want for opening is to spend more money and getting it open quickerbut if we , maybe if you want to spend a little bit less money , then we can spend a little bit more time , you know , space out our , or make sure that , hire people that are more willing to work a little bit slowly , and spend a little bit less , and open a little bit later if you want .  so we don 't spend as much money , because i wanted to spend a lot of money and get it going right away .  yeah sure , if that works , it will be fine .  like , if we make the store open a bit later .  ideally , i want to open it quicklybut , since you don 't want to spend as much money , we could cut costs that way .  and then , open just a little bit later , but be able to spend , you know ?  sure , so let 's discuss those two at the same time .  because those two are related .  right , when do you want to open it ?  i wanted to open may 1 .  but maybe june 1 ?  we could spend a little bit less money and stretch it over a few more months .  how could you make that , like , how much you want to spend and open in june ?  about $25 , 000 i think would , we could save about $5000 from where i wanted and ?  it 's a little tough for mebecause in that case , i won 't get much profit and ?  when were you going to open ?  september 1 , that 's the ideal case .  okay .  because i want to give me enough time to train my employees .  you know training people takes time .  oh okay .  well if not september then ?  how about like , let 's  keep it october , i mean , sorry , august , so i open it earlier and meanwhile i'll still keep training my employees and you could spend more , i mean , i could spend more money on the renovation costs .  so we could get some balance .  okay , well then if we open in august , maybe , that way i can use my money with the time that we're not , well with the time that we're , by not opening in may but if you're willing to spend $25 , 000 to start getting it , or renovate it , then i guess that would kind of even it out , even out the costs .  so we'll open a little bit early and you can recuperate some of those costs .  sure , so that means like , i can open it in august and i spend $25 , 000 ?  yeah , how does that sound , that way , i 'm kind of losing money but you're kind of losing money as well .  it 's tough for both people but i think i can still afford that , so it 's fine .  okay , so maybe your market will look a little bit fancier and ?  okay , so how about the floor space that you want to keep on your side ?  i , let me see , i 'm not sure ?  i prefer to keep like 60% of the floor spacecause i have a lot of stuff to sell and i want to keep the , like , i got some problem like , keeping the renovation , i mean , the maintenance and rent fee , so 60% will be good for me .  okay , so you need 60% of the floor space in order to put enough products out ?  okay .  and i needed , my calculation showed that i needed about 40% of the floor space .  really ?  then that 's perfect match .  yeah , that works out right ?  so that sounds good .  and my stuff , like , i don 't really need the cool temperatureso in order to save electricity like air conditioningi want to keep the temperature as high as possible , like 73 degrees .  what is your ?  well , since i have wine , some of my wines are supposed to be kept at a lower temperature .  if the temperature goes up higher , then the product can get spoiled .  what i want ideally is for my customers to know that we have a good product and we don 't , that our product won 't spoil , or turn bad because of the temperature .  so what i really want is to try to keep it cool in this store .  i want to have it at , our ideal temperature is about 65 degreesto keep it , to keep our products at the right temperature and from spoiling .  65 ?  well , in that case , i 'm going to bring myself in trouble .  so let 's see ?  but it sounded like you wanted to try to save on electricity by keeping it warmer ?  to put more value in as much air conditioning ?  yes , exactly .  how about this ?  i probably like , if we keep the temperature higher , but i put more money in the renovations , so you could install more like the cooling system , i mean , the refridgerators , those stuff in your part so you can still keep your wines and the alcohols cold , but you don 't have to keep the whole space with the air conditioning costs .  oh i see .  well , the thing is i don 't need refridgerators to keep the wine cold .  you wan to look at the whole system .  yeah , i don 't want them as cold as a refridgerator would make them .  like , i don 't want to keep them at 50 degrees or 40 degrees .  but i just want them about , you know , 65 degrees .  so if i intall a refridgerator , it would make all of the wines too cold if i put all of the wine in the refridgerator .  let 's see .  well , 65 degrees is still like , too cold for me .  and how about like , and i reduce it to 71 degrees ?  71 ?  well , i guess in terms of the wine , that makes a lot of difference .  between 71 and 65 , that 's 6 degrees , it 's still that , it 's really pushing it for how the product will spoil , and plus , are you going to be selling vegetables and cold things as well in your market ?  i guess probably the main part is the bakeries , the pastries ?  okay , okay , so you don 't need to keep any of those things very cold .  right , so i don 't sell very many fresh food .  i mean the vegetables .  oh okay .  so , well , how about ?  how about if it 's , i guess if it 's 65 then that 's the bestbut if it 's a little warmer than that by just a few degrees it won 't matter very much .  especially if the wine is being sold quickly .  if my product sits in there for months at 71 degrees , then it 's not going to work out .  but how about if it 's , if we can agree on it being about 67 degrees ?  i understand your difficultiesbut considering we're all businesswoman , so 67 will still like , cost me too much for the air conditioning partsbecause i really don 't need that parts so it 's a bummer for me .  don 't you think your customers will get hot in there ?  when they come and visit your store ?  most of them will just do their quick daily grocery shopping , and 71 or 73 will work perfect for them .  well i have an idea .  if  i agree to having it a little bit warmer like 69 , that would be okay with me as long as i can make sure that the wine gets moving .  like i sell it at the appropriate hours .  you know what ?  actually , if we open the store earlier , the temperature wouldn 't be that high naturallyso how about like we open it at 7:30 to 7pm ?  ,  , and maybe keep the air conditioning working at 69 degrees ?  so in earlier time , the temperature wouldn 't rise high too much and it will reduce the cost of the air conditioning , naturally .  save energy naturally .  that 's a good point .  what i think ?  maybe we should ?  still 7:30 for me is closing a little bit early , i think for people who want to watch and come and buy wine after work for dinner or party .  just so that you know , if you ever try to go buy wine , usually , you're getting it on the way to go to your friend 's house for dinner so i 'm afraid that if i 'm closed at that time , then they won 't remember my store .  they won 't come back you know .  they'll go to the other store down the street .  so i 'm thinking that if we can open at 8:30 in the morning to 8:30 pm , then i guess we could keep it , well , cuz that 's a better time for me in that maybe we can keep it at 71 degrees .  okay , that works .  so let 's keep it at 71 and open a little later .  hold on , hold on , hold on .  i think that might , hold on , not work .  because i 'm afraid that ?  well ?  i 'm afraid that it might make it a little too hot in there .  if we opened at , if we kept it at 67 degrees and we opened at 7:30 to 7:30 , i would be willing to kinda make that bargain .  by keeping it colder , my product will be fresher , and maybe they would , people would say , well , that would make people want to come back .  i understand your difficultiesbut in order to make profit for myself because i really did some research , and if , if going that way , i probably wouldn 't make much profit .  like , in some cases , i probably would lose money .  so my bottom line is eitherwe open at 7:30 to 7:30 at 69 degreesor 8:30 to 8:30 at 71 degrees .  well , both of those options don 't work very well for mebecause they make me lose out on both of the things that are important to my business .  so what i propose is to make some in the middle for both of us , where neither , i mean where you're losing out some and i 'm losing out some but we're both gaining in certain things .  so my ideal would be , i guess , if we opened at 8:30 and closed at 8:30 and keep it at 69 degrees .  okay , i agree with that .  does that work for you ?  and then , you know , if it turns out we can always come back and talk about our hours later because we can try it out when we start in august and see if it works out .  if it doesn 't , we can always come back and talk about it .  exactly , i agree with that .  we can set it to run to have some experiment for the first one or two months so we can get enough information to make a little bit of judgements .  yeah , and we could in the future get to an agreement with sharing our employees somehow so that if you really need to open early , and then some of the employees can come in at that time and watch , you know one person watch my store where rest of the employees are all in the market .  that 's a really good idea , yeah , that 's a good idea .  because unfortunately our hours of operation are completely off .  but we have to open at the same time , so .  because nobody 's going to be buying wine at 8:30 , or 7:30 , or 6:30 .  i was hoping they could still buy their breakfast at 8:30 .  so maybe later we can see how that goes and work out an earlier and a later time .  yeah , i agree with that .  let 's just start it with this schedule and move on and see what happens .  yeah , because i think it would be best for both of us if we opened really early and stayed opened really late , because you know , even with the market , people want to come and get chips , or lots of ingredients late at night .  grocery , i understand that , so i guess that 's it .  guess that 's it .  okay , well , we'll be working together again .  thank you .  thank you .  hey .  hi .  so according to my chart i have ...   .  hopefully you can understand what i am talking about .  yeah sure .  i have five issues we have to talk about our operation , when we should close our space , and temperature and grand opening date .  yeah , that 's what i have .  yeah , our fifth issue i think ?  my main concern would be the hour of operation , the temperature , and the grand opening date ?  they will make me the deal but other than that we can negotiate .  of course .  how important is floor space to you ?  is floor space less important to you ?  floor space , well i would say so yeah .  how about you ?  yeah , floor space is negotiable .  negotiable , uh huh .  so for the temperature how would you feel about say 69 degrees ?  well ?  because ?  let me think .  you could do better ?  yeah i can do better for that yeah , but we can think about that .  ok i'll think about that one .  yeah i think yeah the more important issue for me is the grand opening date .  how about you ?  what is the most important issue for you ?  hours of operation is important to me tobut you know , if you've got an opening date you were more comfortable with i could get hours that maybe i was more comfortable with depending ?  depending on um hum i could talk about the points right here in the packet .  the what ?  the points here .  um , i 'm sorry one more time ?  anyway , i mean i can talk about the number of points i can get right here .  um i don 't think so .  i think we are suppose to keep that ?  secret .  yeah , right .  anyway yeah .  how about the grand opening date ?  for me i think if the grand opening date is at spetember 1st , that would be the best for meok well i would do well with hours of operation from 10:30 am to 10:30 .  that wouldn 't be the best for you ?  yeah , i think so yeah .  that would work well for you ?  this not work well for mebut i think umm you know we can make a deal here .  ok so like september 1st opening date ?  and our hours of operation , 10:00 to 10:30 yeah .  ok , that works for me .  so you said renovation costs were less important to you but temperature was more important ?  yeah temperature is very important for me you know .  my grocery store has fresh fruit; i cannot have a temperature that you knowyeah but the renovation costs i don 't want to spend much too yeah .  that 's for many reasons .  right , so you don 't want to spend much on renovation costs but you would want um a lower temperature for the fruit or a higher temperature for the fruit ?  a higher temperature .  for the fruit , ok .  what is the temperature you think you would like to have ?  um i 'm somewhat negotiable on the temperature .  the renovation costs would be more important to meso i could be willing to go for a lower temperature if we spent a little bit more on renovation costs .  well for me temperature is more important .  i think the temperature is high the best for me .  the renovation costs is not my immediate issue .  i mean you know it is an important issue for me too but ?  .  well what if we did a higher temperature like 73 degrees but we also did a higher renovation cost like 30 , 000 dollars .  oh that would be good for me .  that would be a good trade off for you ?  well that works for me too .  so the floor space you need ?  for the floor space i need more actually .  ok , um i guess we could do ?  so you would want like 60 percent ?  yeah i would like to have 60 percent .  i can do that .  40 percent for me , ok that works for meok then .  we agreed on that .  ok , so its 10:30 am opening hours , $30 , 000 renovation costs , 40 percent floor for me 60 percent for you , 73 degrees , september 1st .  that 's great .  that 's great we're done .  if i was real owner you know , the operating hours would not be that you know because in long run it 's more important .  well see i got my first second and fourth choice i got the most value on .  ok we're done .  we're just trading secrets now .  my english is not that clear , so i try to make myself clear ok ?  ok , don 't worry about it .  oh i think i will try to practice my english so ?  ok , well if there is anyway i can help let me know .  umm , well celine it looks like we are going to go into business together here or we are going to put our businesses together in the same place .  umm and we both want this to be successful so there are five things we need to figure out together in order to do this project , and those are what hours we should be open , how much to spend making the place look nice , renovating; how to divide up the floor space you know who gets how much space , how warm or cold the store should be what temperature it should be and what date we want to open .  so maybe the first thing we should do is say what each of us would like on each of those .  is that best thing to do or ?  so when is your hope to hour of operation ?  well i would like to open as early as i canbecause i serve ?  my store serves breakfastso the earlier we can open the better it would be for us .  so 6:30 in the morning to 6:30 in the evening would be the best time for me .  really ?  what would be best for you ?  well as you know we are liquor shopso the later is better for usso can we find balance ?  what would be best for you ?  i prefer 10:30 to 10:30 pm .  do you think people really shop for wine at 10:30pm ?  yes i think so , look at most under students .  well if we open at 10:30 , we won 't be able to sell any of our breakfast items because most people want to get their breakfast items on their way to work .  but only umm ?  you are grocery store right and ?  yes , but we have a deli .  we have uh ?  a deli and so for breakfast .  is it possible that um you only open the deli in the morning and other place we can open together ?  they do give us that as an option , unfortunately that 's what i thought too .  i sell coffee , specialty pastries and other breakfast items so i have kind of a bakery and umm ?  i normally shop grocery in that morning ?  most people who come out for breakfast they will go to for work right and it 's impossible for them to shop grocery because they don 't have time to bring them home .  right i wish there was a way we could just open the breakfast part in the morning but they didn 't give that as one of the options .  cause to me that would make sense .  yeah .  umm ok , well let 's just find out where we are on each of the other issues and then we can figure out where we can compromise .  what about renovation costs how much do you think we need to spend to make the store look nice ?  i wish it to be 30 , 000 dollars .  you think it needs a lot of work ?  yes and i want to have a shop with high quality and uhh yeah that 's it .  umm , well i had my interior designer look at the place and she is very creative and she thinks that for 10 , 000 dollars we can make it look very nice and also the outside of the store to put nice signage and some plants and things like that to make it look nice outdoors and she gave me an estimate for 10 , 000 dollars ummso we'll come back to that one too .  what about floor space ?  how much do you need ?  i think from 30 percent to 40 percentbecause i need some place to display my wine and you know , you can put wine like this .  you have to put correct so ?  so you need 40 percent of the space .  at least thirty percent .  well i was thinking that 60 percent would be good for us , about 60 percent of the floor space , so what do you think , would 60/40 be good on that one ?  if we had 60 percent ?  you totally sure 60 percent and ?  i have 60 percent and you have 40 percentok yeah sure that 's great .  does that work ?  ok well let 's agree on that one .  and what about temperature umm what temperature do you think the store should be ?  umm i think our best situation is 45 degree45 ?  oh no 65 .  65 degrees , ok .  for our wines it 's too hot in my shop .  umhmm .  that 's going to be very expensive to keep the store that cold because there are people coming in and out all of the time and the air conditioning is going to cost a lot of money in the summertime to keep it that cold .  for most of the things we sell 73 degrees would be fine .  73 ok ?  do you think that is a little bit too hot ?  i think we could go a little bit cooler than that .  so how about 69 ?  i think 69 degree could work , cause we want it cool enough so that people feel comfortable and our food stays fresh but we don 't want to spend a fortune on electricity .  um , now what date were you hoping to open the store ?  i think the earlier the better , so i wish it to be may 1st .  so are you all ready ?  do you have all the things you need to open it 's going to take some time to do all the renovations and get everything ?  yes i have a wine collection of wine .  i already have them so i wish to open as early as possible .  i would like to open as late as possiblereally why ?  because umm well first of all it is going to take some time to get the store prepared the physical space prepareda lot of the items i sell need to be ordered from overseas from abroadand the main thing is i want to make sure we hire good staff and train them well so they can give good customer service because i think that the umm ?  i have a question .  when is the time we talk about , when is now ?  i don 't know but for me september 1st would be idealbecause that is a time when people are really ?  that 's a good time to open a business .  it 's a good time to start something new because people are more focused , they are ready .  i couldn 't open before august 1stbut september 1st would be even betterbecause that gives ?  that 's a better time to open a store than in august .  in august people are on vacation they are away they are not really paying attention .  if we can open this business it means that we already paid the rent and we already know the placeand if you open so late there will be a lot of cost and only thing you sell is your staff that charge of training your staffright i mean to hire staff and train them .  i guess we both need to train our staff .  it 's too expensive!it 's umm two three or four months you pay the utility , the rent and you have already spent a lot of money in it and you just ?  how do you say ?  you just let the price stay there and do you think it 's ok for you ?  well umm the good thing is that i won 't have most of the items that i need to sell .  i mean the soonest i could open would be august 1stbut even that would be hard because so much of my supplies have to come from far away and so if i open before that i really wouldn 't have much to selland also i don 't think we would have the place really looking nice and have our staff all trained before then .  ummm ok , you wish it to be august 1st and i wish it to be may 1st .  actually i wish it to be september 1st .  i know but um could it be possible that i make a compromise to july 1st and we raise a little the renovation costbecause i have the lost for the rent for two months , it is huge money right ?  it is huge money but i think we would be better off opening in september when people are more likely to be there and pay attention .  noi mean i can make a compromise to ?  a little bit and maybe you can make conversation in renovation costs .  do you understand what i mean ?  so you are saying if i pay more of the renovation cost ?  yes and i will make a compromise to make the date later .  ok well could you go for august 1st and then i would come up a lot in the renovation cost if we could go for august 1st .  you mean you will pay for 30 , 000 ?  i will pay for 20 , 000 .  20 , 000.00july 1st and you pay 20 , 000 ok ?  how about august 1st and i pay 25 , 000 ?  ummm no , if it is august 1st then it goes to 30 , 000because i already have my staff .  i already have my product and i just put all in there and work for you .  let me think about that one .  now about these hours of operation , i really need to be open in the early morning and i can understand that you need to be open in the evening because people are often picking up wine for dinner .  and those people who come there they will also buy some snacks in your shop right ?  that 's true but we would miss our breakfast business .  well this is near the campus i think most people will have party in the night .  well could we say 7:30 to 7:30 ?  no .  i think my bottom line is 9:30 to 9:30pm .  i just can 't do thatbecause i would completely miss my breakfast business .  i know ?  why if there is no option for a more flexible one then we cannot choose , why ?  yeah i wish there was .  i wish i could open just that part at 6:30 and you could be open till 10:30 with the wine cause we could close down that deli part .  well i'll tell you what .  if we can open on september 1st , then i'll compromise at 8:30 to 8:30 on the hours of operation .  no , for me that is too far .  my boss would kill me .  you are the boss , this is your store .  well september and cost of 25 , 000 ?  september cost of 25 , 000 and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  how about 8:30 to 8:30 and i will and ?  25 , 000 and that 's open in july 1st .  yeah i just can 't open that sooncan you just sell a part of your product ?  i wish i could .  and i can help training your staff because my company is really good with it .  i appreciate that but we just aren 't going to be ready to open before september 1st .  i mean if we really pushed it we could make it august 1st but i just don 't think that is a very good time to open a store .  but already two months later than i wish .  well how about if we make it august 1st  , 25 , 000 and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  i think that is a little ?  i think it 's not enough .  ok , how about august 1st i pick up all 30 , 000 and we go 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that means that i am paying 5000 dollars more .  i know , but you know the rent per month is higher than 5000 i think .  oh no .  so yeah i mean i can go for that extra 5000 if we can open on august 1st .  august 1st is really pushing it for me .  yeah but i have to pay two to three month rent for you , for long time , three months is quite long for business right ?  well it is but i think it 's going to take us a while to get the store all ready and get everything ready to open and get all of our products there so that 's really going to be ?  i just can 't do it that soon .  i just can 't do it in ?  i can 't be ready by july .  you can 't be ready by july .  but i tell you what .  i could go a little bit later on the hours .  we could go 9:30 to 9:30 , if i could have an august 1st opening .  9:30 to 9:30 ?  and you pay all the renovation cost ?  no i'll pay 25 , 000 of the renovation cost if we open from 9:30 to 9:30because i just can 't umm i just can 't lose that ?  8:30 is already really cutting into my breakfast business but 8:30 in the evening gives you time to pick up the crowd that 's umm you know doing recreation after dinner or picking up wine for dinner and all that you know ?  wine on the way home from work .  umm so if we go later i would need to ?  i can 't pay that extra 5000 dollars because i am going to lose a lot of business in the morning .  but for me it is a little lose for my business in the night right ?  right but ?  so we both make compromise right .  so do you want to compromise from 8:30 to 8:30 on the hours ?  no , i want to compromise to 9:30 to 9:30 .  well i am offering to do that but i won 't pick up all the renovation costs if i do that .  i will only pick up 25 , 000 but i would absolutely need to open no sooner than august 1st .  ok , let 's make it 9:30 to 9:30 and you pay for 30 , 000 and i we can work for you till august 1st .  is that ok ?  noi would have to pay 25 , 000 of the renovation cost because i just can 't afford the extra 5000 if i am losing that breakfast business .  i am happy to pick up all 30000 if we can go from 8:30 to 8:30 and open on august 1st .  ok so let 's check the first one .  9:30 to 9:30 and you pay for 25 , 000 and let 's open on august 1st .  ok , 9:30 to 9:30 , 25 , 000 and august 1st .  since this is make a cash and make a deal .  we made a deal , yeah .  ok so if the hours are 9:30 to 9:30 , we are paying 25 , 000 in renovation costs , we are splitting the store 60 percent for me 40 percent for you .  , 69 degrees would be the temperature , and august 1st would be the opening date .  okok .  so how did you do ?  did you do your score there ?  ummm ?  720 .  alright .  i got 600 ?  . .  ok let 's get started .  so umm nice to share room with you .  yeah looking forward to this space i think it is a good idea and i am glad you guys approached us about it .  so i know there 's some issues that we just need to work out before we actually move in .  yeah that we don 't need to work out .  that we don 't need to work out ?  no i mean ?  ok so what issue would you like to start with ?  would you wanna ?  how about you ?  let 's start by talking about the space some itself .  so first of all , the space itself .  we have a big space we each get part of it .  what percentage of that space would you like ?  i want 70 percent .  70 percent ?  yeah you know , i occupy a larger space so i will pay much more rent than you .  and i agree that you should have a larger space because groceries do take up more room than liquorso how about you get 60 percent of the space ?  60 percent ?  do you need so much space ?  i do actually .  really ?  uh huh .  when we are talking about specialty wines from all around the world , it is going to take up a lot of room but it is also going to be beneficial to your customersbecause they can come in , pick out a particular food and then ask the wine expert , well what goes nicely with this food and we will have everything right there on display .  or if they are looking at a particular wine , your people can recommend many choices that go with that wineso to have everything right there instead of having it in storage at an off location , we can instantly provide the customers with both sides of what they are looking for .  yes i think so but i also need space .  right , and you are getting almost as much space as you are asking for .  so if i want to a little less space than i need , may i get something else such as the hour ?  well it depends , what hours are you interested in .  you know i have breakfast for the people .  breakfast , they never mentioned anything to me about breakfast in this .  some coffee or cookie such like this , so i want to open an hour earlier .  ok well what is an hour earlier , what time ?  umm , how about 6 o ?  clock ?  absolutely not , i  don 't come in that early .  besides i can 't sell alcohol at that time of the day , it is illegal in most places .  it 's illegal ?  it 's illegal in most places to sell alcohol before certain hours , after certain hours , or on sundays .  ohh .  wine , i don 't know if that all applies in d.c .  but in most place it is and so we would then have to close my half of the store and the customers would have to look at products they can 't buy because it is illegal for them to purchase it that early .  but you know some workers go to work very earlier .  in dupont circle a lot of people stay out late .  you get a lot more night owls in dupont circle then you have early morning people .  you ever hung out in dupont ?  yeah i know , but the breakfast is very early and it will be too much workand i see that you are going to be serving some breakfast .  now i would prefer to open at 10:30 .  and i realize you are going to miss your breakfast hour there .  oh if we open at 10:30 , everybody will have lunch .  i eat breakfast at 10:30 .  oh but it is only you not almost average people .  everybody i work with eats breakfast at 10:30but what i am saying is that i am willing to compromise some on those hoursand we could open at say 9:30 instead .  9:30 ?  i don 't think i have no business if we open that late .  so breakfast makes it what percentage of you profit ?  it 's a main partwell , give me a percentage .  maybe 40 percent .  40 percent of your profits ?  yeah .  then why are they putting it together at all ?  if i am selling alcohol and you are selling breakfast then this isn 't going to work out for benducci either .  ahh of course we can .  we can make short with the hour but can you let me open up earlier , i can give you more space .  i am actually more interested in ?  well ok if you were to open at 8:30 what time would we close ?  have you ever tried to buy a bottle of wine at 9 o ?  clock at night and find that you can 't because the store is closed ?  it 's very frustrating actually , i've actually done that .   i've gone to a liquor store at 9 o ?  clock at night .  it 's the evening and i want to buy a bottle of wine and i can 't because it 's closed .  it drives a lot of business away so i think we need to find a common ground here between you still getting your breakfast and me still getting my evening customers .  ok so let 's open earlier and close later .  if we are allowed to do that i think that is a great deal .  i think the woman in the next room here would tell us that we can 't do that .  but we can think about that and move on to other issues and we will come back to that one , cause actually the hours ?  yeah so we'll come back to that one .  now once again talking about the space itself .  have you seen the space ?  space you mean ?  the physical space that we're gonna be moving into ?  yeah i occupy the 60 percent .  no i am not talking about that now .  what i am talking about is the physical space that we will be moving into .  have you actually seen it ?  you say you know what it looks like .  oh you mean the ?  the place where we are going to be occupying .  because it is going to need a little bit of work i think .  in order to make it presentable for customers .  i 'm sorry , wait , we should discuss floor space or ?  no , renovation costs .  renovation costs .  ok .  so you need a lot of money to negotiate to renovate ?  i think that we are going to need to spend some money or at least i am willing to spend some money on renovations .  so this would just be money out of my pockets .  so how much would you like to spend on your ?   ?  i would like to spend 30 , 000 dollars on the renovations .  so you want to spend ?  yeah just out of my pockets .  so how much would you like me to spend ?  whatever you 'd like .  ok so i am willing to spend 10 , 000 .  of your money ?  that 's fine as long as there is 30 , 000 of mine .  but then initially there would be a bigger return for me on the percentage of profits if i am going to be spending more money on the renovations up front .  so you want this space , 40 percent ?  i didn 't know we were on that .  i was still talking about renovation money .  oh excuse me .  i make a mistake .  so you want to spend 30 , 000 money .  i want to spend 10 , 000 money .  wine , ok , well according to what they gave us here which is complete i think that is finebecause i will spend 30 , 000 and you will spend 10 , 000 so total we'll have 40 , 000 dollars for renovations .  so i think that works fine .  ok so let 's move the next so ?  so we still haven 't completed our hours of operation but we will go back to that because there 's a couple of other issues to put on the table so ?  how about the temperature ?  what kinds of products are you selling ?  i know you said you are going to be selling coffee but that gets kept on a warm plate so that is already at a good temperature and cookies that doesn 't really matter those come out of the oven and cool quickly anyway .  what other kind of products are you going to be selling ?  how about 75 degree ?  that wasn 't my question but that 's ok .  i was asking what kind of product you'll be selling like what sort of items .  what do you how hot do you want ?  that 's not my question .  ok i want to set the degree for 75 .  right but i want some more information from you about your product before we talk about the temperature .  umm you want ?  so for example if you are selling produce like fruits and vegetables and things then lower temperature is going to be better for you because it is going to preserve your produce .  ok cause i make the coffee and the cookiei want the temperature higher .  but coffee is going to be on a warm plate .  it is always on a warm plate so temperature is irrelevant for coffee because it has its own container and for cookies they cool when they come out of the oven anywayand actually warmer is going to raise our heating costs in the winter so that is going to be more expensiveand in the summer less people come in the store because it is going to be no cooler than outsidedo you think temperature is a problem for you ?  yes it is because alcohol doesn 't taste good that warm .  alcohol needs to be kept cooler .  you know if we turn on the air conditioner , it will cost a lot of electric .  it will; however , if you've got customers walking by on the street and it 's warm out in the summer they come in , it 's cool inside they stay longer they buy more .  i don 't think so .  i do .  if it 's a warm store i 'd leave if it 's already warm outside; if it 's a cool store i can stay for a while and get cold and get comfortable , i 'd stay longer .  how about winter ?  well in winter , it 's going to keep our heating costs down to not be so warmand in winter you are wearing a winter coat anyway so you go into the store if it is too warm in the store in the winter you start to sweat you take your jacket off , you have to find somewhere to put it .  so actually , also i am from minnesota i just don 't like warm .  this is my own personal preference as well , i prefer cool , in warm , i don 't function .  ok , so you know for me , for coffee if it is out of the container it will decrease temperature .  well right but the coffee is going to be in the container until somebody buys the cup of coffee .  that is how coffee is always sold .  so if your wine is refrigerated it is ok ?  well wine generally is not kept in a refrigerator .  red wine should never be referigerated , it is served at room temperature .  it just needs to be served at a lower room temperatureok i think ?  i will have a refrigerator for some of the bottles of alcohol for example some white wines get chilled .  so there will be a refrigerator for white wines .  but most of the time wine is sold off of a rack in the store and if it is kept too warm then it doesn 't taste good anymore and it starts to degrade the wine .  also if you are selling other things , which i am assuming you are selling more than coffee and cookies because coffee and cookies doesn 't fit with wine ?  .then ?  so ok , i want the temperature at 73 degree .  and my wine is still going to melt .  oh how many degrees do you want ?  i want it at 65 .  65 ?  i will feel so cold everyday .  put on a jacket .  you can always put on more clothes there is only so much you can take off to be legal .  do you think everyone will wear a jacket while he or she is working ?  i am fine with 65 degrees , that is where i keep my house at .  if i was always working in a air conditioner room , i will catch a cold .  well i don 't want you to be cold all the time , how about 67 ?  67 ?  how about 71 ?  that is the bottom of my ?  ok i'll take 71 .  ok , so at last uh ?  well we need to go back to the hours but first let 's take a look at the opening date then we'll go back to the hours .  so i would like to open as soon as possible , preferably may .  what works for you ?  you know i must train the employee for my shop and buy some stuff from the abroad .  but you have to train employees but i thought right now you are in a larger space and you are moving to a smaller space .  in that case you are going to have to cut employees , not train more .  i think we have no reason to open so soon .  the earlier we open the more profits we get from business .  umm but we can 't get prepared everything , get everything prepared for opening .  i'll be ready by then .  you have been ready ?  yeah , some of our product is sitting is storage .  i will be ready by may .  you see the spacious room and nothing is here .  yeah we've got a year .  may 2006 a year is plenty to get the stuff ready .  how about october ?  no october , i pull out and go find another business deal and you've got to find a new wine partner .  alright , how about september ?  tell you what .  i would be happy to open in september , if you give me the starting time of 9:30 .  9:30 ?  how about 7:30 ?  no .  8:30 , that is my bottom .  8:30 and we open in mayor 9:30 and we open in september .  if 8:30 , i will open..you mean ?  so i am willing to open at 8:30 and lose a couple of hours of business in the evening .  i can 't agree with the floor space , i occupy the 60 percent .  i thought we already agreed to that .  ok we have agreed it ?  i thought we did .  ok so i will sepetember , 9:30 .  ok .  no .  how about september , 8:30 ?  no .  may and 8:30 or september and 9:30 or make me an offer i can deal with .  i can put the hour at 8:30 and close the shop 9:30 , is that ok ?  i am fine with that i don 't think it 's in the rules that we can do that .  according to the rules that they gave us the shop can only be open 12 hours .  otherwise i am fine with that .  i believe we only get 5 categories to operate with and they are all 12 hour increments .  yes .  our options are 10:30 to 10:30 , 9:30 to 9:30 , 8:30 to 8:30 and so on .  so like i said , 9:30 is fine with me and then ?  ok .  9:30 ?  september and 9:30 ?  august and 9:30 .  no!you just told me , i think honesty is ?  .  i agree but in this case , i forgot some of my negotiating parameters .  so uh i think my stays is our ?  so everybody must be honest with me .  and i was honest until i looked at my negotiating parameters .  i hadn 't checked some of my facts properly when i made that offer and so ?  well hold on .  9:30 and september and we drop the temperature in the building 2 degrees .  why ?  now let 's be logical .  i am being logical .  i am a scientist but again so are you .  yeah so uh you just ask me if i wanted open at ?  in september you will agree 9:30 .  just a minute ago .  you're right i did and i pulled my offer .  i took my offer back , this happens all the time in business , at least in this country .  until the offer is in writing , it is just negotiating back and forth .  car salesman do it all the time granted i shouldn 't use that as a good example but ?  yeah i know so ?  so 9:30 in september is fine with me as long as we drop the room temperature to 69 degrees .  you didn 't have being honest .  i am being honest right now , that 's my offer .  i can 't receive it .  ok well in that case we are at an impasse and i am not sure what we do in this case .  we're at an impasse and we've decided that we wouldn 't work very well together because she 's selling morning products and i 'm selling evening products .  so i think we would both like different business partners .  alright .  it looks like we have five issues to discuss , and i don 't know if you prefer doing them one at a time or doing them all together .  but i think we should start one at a time and go over every one of them again so that i mean cause one of us is bound to be unhappy with it , with at least one outcome .  so i figure that way we can kind of minimize , you know , hard feelings and try to get to something that works for the both of us .  does that sound okay to you ?  yeah .  is there a specific one you want to start with ?  can we start from the last one first ?  i don 't know which one i don 't know if the last one for you is the last one for me .  oh i see , ok .  like can we start from the grand opening date ?  sure .  which do you prefer ?  i would prefer september 1st , because i think that it 's very important for us to start the store by looking really good and being completely ready for everybody , and having good customer service , so i think that would be the best date .  for me , i think the early the better for usbecause like , everything is ready for us and we want to start early and make money .  but maybe it 's not a big issue so we can talk about this can you just hurry up a little bit and so sure , i think august 1st would be okay .  i 'd be willing to do it then .  can you just hurry up a little bit and so  , would august 1st be okay with you ?  oh yeah , okay .  so we can tentatively say that and we can adjust more .  okay .  another issue that we have is the renovation cost and for that , i would sugguest that we just i mean it looks like the renovation cost in total is $30 , 000and i think we should just cut it in half , and each do half .  you mean $30 , 000 is also the best for you ?  nonono i mean , right .  i mean , the best for me would be you pay for everything , the best for you would be i pay for everything .  i mean , i think we should just cut it in half and pay 50/50 .  i pay $15 , 000 and you pay $15 , 000 .  i think because the renovation cost is very important for uswe want to decorate the shop a little bit better , and so that we can attract more customers , so that 's very important for usso that 's very important for us , so can you think about that ?  so how much do you want to spend ?  at least $25 , 000 ?  $25 , 000.00 actually the best for us is $30 , 000 .  so why don 't we cut it in half and say $20 , 000 ?  $20 , 000 how about 25 ?  i prefer that .  25 because i also think good decoration is good for you .  so think about that .  you know ?  i don 't know , i think it 's more important to have good customer service than good decorations because i mean it 's a grocery store .  wine store really , the wine itself looks good .  you know ?  but. .  but sometimes looking is very important if some new customer , they don 't know how your customer service and maybe from the looking , they will just come in and take a look , and you know ?  so i think that 's very importantand it 's just one time investment .  okay , 25 ?  okay , 25 , actually for me , the best is 30 .  if you really don 't want to pay more , you know , 25 maybe okay , but just for the time being , we can go over it again , alright ?  okay .  i think floor space should be the easiest onebecause we just need more space than you do .  it 's really that simple , but it should be relatively even because we don 't want one store to completely overtake the other .  so , we think that having 60% for us and 40% for you is fair .  that 's excellent for me .  i just need for presenting .  okay ?  that was easy!yeah .  alright .  we put my little arrow .hours of operation , temperature .  which one do you want to do first ?  hours of operation .  we do breakfast foodsso we want to do it as early as possibleand i realize that it can only be a 12 hour day .  so you know , ideally , we 'd like to start at 6:30 in the morning till 6:30 in the evening .  i can understand your..for the breakfast you have to open early , but think about our situation .  we will sell the wine in liquor..you know..i don 't think people will buy the liquor or wine in the morning you know ?  i think most people will buy it after 6:30 , after they finish their work and they want to have wine or liquor in the home and just so it 's not a reasonable time for me .  well , i think that anything later than 7:30 would be getting opening the store itself at 7:30 , and for us , breakfast foods are out of the question , and that would be pretty much a dealbreaker for usbecause we need to be able to sell those foods .  i think the 7:30 option will still give you people two and a half hours after they finish work and if they're having a dinner party or whatever they still have time to go buy the wine and go still have their dinner parties .  i think that would be a fair cutoff  but i think anything later than that 's going to be really really tough for us .  i mean , there 's really no good option .  i think most people just , maybe they come out and buy something like , beer , wine , maybe after the dinner and think about that .  like , always , people finish their work at 5 o'clock and maybe they need half and hour to drive home , so i think it still gives them a solid two hours to buy the wine .  like i said , anything later than 7:30 in the morning , and i mean , people are done with breakfast , they are already at work .  so i think that that 's you know , i think this one 's really important for us .  okay , then yeah .  i guess for your convenience it 's the best partso okay we can just do how about like 8:30 ?  8:30 am to 8:30pm ?  ,  , you think it 's not reasonable for you ?  i think that 's too late for breakfast .  i mean i think that i 'd be losing more business than you would be gaining by getting an additional hour .  is that , you know , there 's way more people i think that eat breakfast between 7:30 and 8:30 than one that wants to buy alcohol between 7:30 and 8:30 , you know what i'm saying ?  so well we can leave that unresolved if you want for awhile and deal with the temperature .  i mean , i don 't want to end on a deadlock .  how about the temperature ?  for us , the ideal temperature is 73 degrees , because that 's we have a lot of fresh fruits and so that 's the ideal .  73 ?  !that 's right .  you know for the wine , the best degree is 65 degrees .  sure , but for people , the best people is not 65 degrees .  that 's really cold .  we don 't want people to be like i mean that 's why most wine stores have wine fridges .  i don 't know if that 's in your renovation cost but that 's really cold .  65 is really cold .  i mean , i think..if you don 't want to buy fridges , we have to kind of just cut it in half because you know and just say it 's the middle one , 69 degrees .  69 degrees ?  and that way it 's okay for you and it 's okay for me and you know ?  yeah , maybe .  so , 69 , yeah , but i have to think about the quality if i increase the temperature .  the quality of the wine will decrease and i will lose a lot of the customers .  okay yeah but at the same time , if the temperature 's too low then our fruits and vegetables and fresh foods and stuff are just not going to be happy in the environment .  i think like , fruit and breakfast , you 'd still like  maybe 67 degrees is fine ?  for you know , you still need some low temperature to keep these foods fresh , some you know , raw materials .  just for the people you know , think about the food .  well , i'm willing to drop down to 67 if you're willing say 7:30 to 7:30 for the time .  i'm sorry ?  67 ?  i say okay to the 67 degrees if you say okay to opening from 7:30am to 7:30pm .  then i'll say yes .  okay maybe , yeah!but in this case , how about 65 so you can just open 7:30am to 7:30pm .  65 i think is going to be an issue because it 's really cold , it 's really cold .  i think 67 and 7:30 to 7:30 .  that i think that 's fair .  one 's better for you , one 's better for me .  okay .  so how about i can open july 1stor june 1st ?  or june 1st ?  i guess yeah so then this case because i need to you know , make june 1st .  june 1st and 67 degree and 7:30am ,  , you know for the open time , it 's nonperiod you know ?  how about july 1st , 67 and 7:30 ?  we still need to think about the renovation costs right ?  so are you going over all this again ?  so let 's see , 7:30 to 7:30 for the time being and for the $30 , 000 how about ?  renovation cost ?  because another $5000 it 's not a big deal .  if we do $30 , 000 , then i don 't want to start any later than july 1st .  okay .  i have to think about this for a second .  so i can begin july 1st , and $30 , 000 for the renovation costs , we don 't have difference about the floor space , and 67 degrees .  so let 's see .  it 'd be july 1st , 67 degrees i thought of something .  okay .  yeah , i think that 's acceptable for me .  so it 'd be 60% for me for floor space , right ?  we spend $30 , 000 on the renovation cost , we keep the temperature at 67 degrees , is that right ?  open on july 1st and open from 7:30am to 7:30pm ?  we have a deal , excellent!okay!i guess i'm not supposed to show you this so we're done!how are you ?  how are you ?  i guess we need to decide on these five things .  what do you want to start with ?  i want to start to see , i'm not from united states and i'm not familiar with the culture here , you know my language is not good , as good as you , so maybe , sometimes i have to ask you , excuse me that 's fine , that 's fine!thank you .  the first one is hours of operation .  i would like 10:30 option , would be best for me .  yeah , i can understand because you sell alcohol and people don 't buy the alcohol so early you know .  since i sell food , grocery , so maybe some people i think , most of the customers come to this shop to buy some breakfastso 10:30 is too late for me .  what do you think about 8:30 ?  8:30 ?  when you go to work , 8:30 ?  you have to arrive at your company , so 8:30 for the people want to buy some breakfast , they are still late .  so maybe , how about 7:30 ?  other times people don 't buy alcohol until later in the evening .  let 's see , maybe 8:30 is kind of in betweenbut that 's still so early for me .  actually , my opinion is , 6:30 to 6:30 which i know is not good for you , so i will give a little bit ground to you so maybe 7:30 is better because i let 's come back to this one .  let 's go to renovation costs .  this is something that is very important to mebecause people are going to come in and buy wine , and we want the place look niceso i would like to spend a lot of money on thisand i might be able to negotiate more on the hours of operation or something else if i can get , i can spend a lot of money on this if i can spend $30 , 000 .  actually , maybe the alcohol , the wine , can make a lot of money , so you want to spend so much money on the dcor i mean renovation ?  and in my opinion , some people just buy , some people just go into the store and buy something .  and i think our customers are just around our neighborhood , and that they don 't have another choice to buy so i don 't think so much money is worth to spend on yeah but people don 't buy groceries at a store that doesn 't look good .  if a store looks good then they're going to be more likely to come in and buy things .  if it 's kind of dingy , everybody 's going to think the food is sketchy .  you're right , yeah , you're right .  so why do you want to spend so many money on decoration , on what ?  i do not understand what will cost you so much money ?  i just don 't like the way it looks , i don 't like the layout , and this is just something that i really feel strongly about , and i just think that it'll pay off for us .  it 's going to bring in more business , it 's going to look nicer and people with more money will come in andif it is the only store in the neighbohood then people will be willing to pay a little more for convenience i think .  yes .  you might be right .  but i still think..where should we spend the money on ?  actually , they decorate this shop already and it looks good , just okay , and there 's still some..the things in the store what do you want , just add , to spend ?  i'm still not clear .  i guess i just don 't really like the interior or the exterior .  they both need some work .  i just think in the end , it 's really going to boost , draw in more people and make more money .  with a good look .  yeah , i agree .  you know , my friend is good at exterior and interior work .  actually , he 's my close friend .  he 's good at like that .  i think he will give you a lower price .  i think he can help us , so i think $30 , 000 is too much .  how about 25 ?  this is something i really care about a lot .  the look of the store , i'm very particular about this and i just think i have experience and i think that people want to tend to want to buy and come to places more when they look nice , especially grocery stores .  okay .  do you want to do the next one ?  i agree with you .  actually , i think we need decoration .  okay , would you be willing to pay $25 , 000 ?  okay , because you really care about decoration .  yes , that 's something i really care about a lot .  it 's most important to me .  what 's most important to you ?  i think the most .i care about the grand opening datebecause i should have enough time to hire some employees and train them as i did before , because i'm very experienced on management .  i know the staff working in the store is very important , not only in my store but also in your store , because customers , if they are willing to come , come here , one reason is our products .  another reason is our cashier , our staff in the store .  okay , so what kind of date are you thinking about , july ?  you know , now is june , so i think i have to hire some employees abroad , and give them training about how to do in our shopso maybe , i think earliest date is september 1 .  oh wow , that 's realy late you know ?  i guess right now it 's probably april , i'm thinking .  since it 's so early in the year , if we need to hire people from another country and bring them over here to train them , let 's see like a month to find people to hire , a month to get them settled , a month to train .  so how about july 1st ?  july 1st ?  would that give you enough time ?  yeah , actually , our problem is to find some suitable people abroad because our customers , most of our customers are from mexico .  our people , we don 't speak spanish so i think it 's very very important to have such people who can speak english and spanish so july 1st is obviously too early , yeah .  that makes sense , i didn 't realize that you didn 't have people here who spoke spanish .  how about august then ?  yes , i know you give away your ground a little but august 1st actually is still earlybecause you know , some people have to decide how to hire them , train them , and settle them , and  maybe , you know , actually , i don 't have any other choice , just september 1st .  i think just over four months is not enough for us .  how about this ?  since i'm going to be losing profit for that entire time when i could be open , how about we open september 1st , but when we open there we open there later , maybe like in 8:30 in the morning .  that way , we'll still be open when people want to come in at night and buy things after workbecause i'm going to be losing a lot of money during that time and i need to make up the hours or the time somehow if i'm going to make it in the first week , the first few months .  you know , the point is , if we don 't suitable staff , we cannot open because they don 't speak spanish , and the customer , most of them cannot understand english .  so , i think our point is , the time is enough for us to find the suitable staff in the store .  so it doesn 't with out hour of operations .  so..can you think about grand opening date over again ?  after , i really think august is just unless i have some way to make up the money by having better hours , i just don 't know , i just don 't know if i'm going to be able to stay afloat until september .  i'll be happy to wait until september if we could just open at least in the beginning have hours of operation that went a bit later like till , 8:30 .  i mean , ideally i would like something that would stay open late like 10:30but something like 8:30 i could live with if you want to wait until september .  actually , on the second issue , i think i 'd be actually i want to spend as less money on the renovation costbut i know you really care about this issue , since you care mostly so i give up .  i really care about the grand opening datebecause you know i really think the staff here is the most important .  okay how about this ?  \if we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , then i 'd be happy to open in septemberif we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , because we're going to have more time to fix it up so we might as well , you know , use that time to make the place really nice .  if we can just spend $5000 more on the renovations to make the place look nicer , this would be a way that would allow me to draw in more of my customers and make up some of the money i 'd be losing by delaying the grand opening .  since it 's a hard issue here do you think we surely have enough time to hire and train the staff if we open on september 1st ?  do you think we'll have enough time ?  oh yeah , you'll definitely have enough time , september 1stbut like i said , i 'd be happy to open september 1st if you can spend a little bit more on renovations .  so you mean we have enough time to hire people if we open the door on august 1st ?  you think so ?  i think you would .  okay , if you think so , i think so , because we are coworkers , i mean , we are partners .  we are friends .  okay , so i'll agree with you .  we'll open on august 1st .  okay .  and then still the renovation is at 25 , 000 right before we decided , right ?  okay .  okay .  how about the temperature , how do you feel about that ?  the temperature ?  what 's your opinion ?  in our country , it 's very high the temperature .  nobody cares about that .  nobody cares about that ?  for me , it 's best if it 's cold because i have wine that  products that will go bad if it 's too warm .  so for me , 65 degrees would be really good to keep everything from going bad .  yeah , maybe the good temperature to keep things but how about people 's feelings ?  65 degree , people will feel so cold and not comfortable .  actually , i have heard of article , research cite maybe 75 degrees goes well with people 's body .  that may be true but a lot of my products are going to spoil at that temperature .  i mean , maybe i can go to like 69 degrees but that would be i think the very warmest before my things started to go bad .  what kind of things do you have to keep at a low temperature ?  your alcohol , wine or something ?  my wine and some of my liquor .  oh , yeah .  i know nothing about that .  how about you buy a referidgerator ?  i mean , some referidgerator to have you i mean , can keep them you can just put them in the store right ?  i do think that 's good .  that would work but i need more money to renovate .  i probably need 5000 more to put in a referidgerator and referidgerator system .  actually , i think in this way you can raise your renovation cost , you can do that but the temperature i insist on 73 degreesbecause that 's the best degree , i mean , the best temperature going with people .  okay , if we spend $30 , 000 on renovations , i would go for 73 degrees .  okay .  so , the last one ?  floor space ?  yeah , i don 't think we ever decided on hours of operation eitherbut floor space , i really don 't need as much as you will need so something like 40% would be okay with me , i can give you more than 50% , because i understand your things you may have more products than i do .  i will be happy to give you 60% of the space .  okay .  i agree .  okay , now just hours of operation .  but i think it 's over ?  i don 't know , i think this is going to be the hard one , i think .  if we can go to 71 degrees , then i would open at 7:30 .  but i think you raised renovation costs and you will buy some referidgerator ?  that 's a good way to solve your problem .  right , right .  you won 't settle for 8:30 to open ?  yeah , 7:30 .  okay , 7:30 it is!okay so what did we decide ?  we decided on 7:30 okay , so i own the upper crust grocery shop , and i was interested in this business deal so i wanted to meet with you to see what we can arrange because i think it would be beneficial for my shop , and so i'll say what i think is most important to me because i 'd been looking at the situation andthe one thing that 's most important to me is our opening date .  that , i have a lot of exotic goods that have to come in from overaseasand so i think i need as much time as possible to get that together , so that 's one of the first , most important thing to me .  so when ?  well i was thinking september 1st would be the best for me .  september ?  okay , okay .  so i think the most important thing for me i think is the renovation costbecause you know , to sell wine , you should look very very .maybe a romantic environment .  so i mean , i pay much more attention on that so i mean , i prefer the cost is $30 , 000 .  okay , and what we're you thinking about the hours ?  you mean hours ?  to me , as later as you can , you know , because a lot of people , they suddenly buy something , want to get wine , so i need to , i mean as late as you can , so i prefer 10:30am to 10:30pm .  so the hours seem tricky , because i was thinking about what you would want as a wine store , and i serve breakfast , so then i would need as early as possible .  so i was trying to think about what , a business person , so they work from like 9 to 5 .  do you also serve dinner or ?  it 's kind of like , not like a restaurant but like , we have kind of like , like an upscale grocery store that has like , people tend to come in more for breakfast , because they can just grab a bagel , but like , they can also do their regular grocery shopping .  so maybe if would be nice for me to stay open a little bit around dinner time also , but i 'd definitely like a little bit of time before 9 o'clock so they can go in and get the breakfast .  i think the earliest i can is 8:30 .  i cannot go any earlier than that .  i can do 8:30 , because then , since we're in dupont circle , people won 't have to work , so if they don 't have to be there until 9 , i can do that .  okay , so. .  okay .  for the renovation , i can 't .  i need that money , so since $30 , 000 is okay ?  let 's talk about the other thingbecause the renovation because for me , like the cost of how much i can spend at the beginning depnds on how much my monthly cost is going to be .  but i think a good environment also benefits for you , right ?  right , so what were you thinking about temperature and floor space ?  actually , i like it as , i mean , lower as it canbecause the wine , especially for the beers and something , as cooler as it can .  right , also , i will be able to spend more money to help you buy coolers , like referidgerator units if we can keep the temperature higher .  but how about some do you offer some food , you  also need cooler , right ?  it 's dry food , and then if we keep the temperature cooler , i have to pay more per month for air conditioning .  yeah , but do you have some space for the customer to have some , do you have at your place ?  so i think cold place is better for them , right ?  but what temperature is your house ?  mine is like 75 or like low 70s that 's what 's like you know ?  for me , i think my house is around 65 , especially in the summer , because far as you know , i mean , your people like cooler things right ?  when you eat something you always add ice to your drinking .  so i think i mean , lower is better for you .  i don 't think that customer will ask me how good is your cooler compared to temperature , i don 't think that .  if i spend more per month on air conditioning , i can afford less on the renovation cost , because i only have a certain amount of money .  so if i have to pay more every month , that kind of decreases , like what i can pay at the start .  so i can pay more renovation , so i was thinking of 10 , 000 .  i can 't do it .  okay , so let 's say if we can raise the temperature , i can spend an extra 10 , 000 to buy more referidgeration units , like coolers and nice display cases .  if i can have it at 71 degrees , i can pay like $20 , 000 to start .  no , actually .  i think if you just want to 71 , it 's too high for me , and renovation is too low for me .  i think from the long run , i mean , a little more renovation cost will benefit both of us .  i believe that , because from my own expeirence when i enter a grocery store , if the environment is really bad , i you know , i just walk out , i don 't want anything there , right ?  and even if you also offer food for breakfast , it also needs better right ?  sometimes i think it 's too cold in the grocery store .  i think for both of us to spend more on renovation cost and it would be great , i think if you want , 71 , i'll have 69 , yeah .  well what opening date ?  because that was also , the opening date was kind of. .  the opening date you know , i've already a lot of wine , so i mean , the latest date i can is august 1st .   i cannot wait for september .  grocery , okay , let me think , okay .  because if i start on august 1st , that 's less that i can sell also , like starting right then .  but i think you need time to let people know your grocery right ?  so i don 't think the first month you'llsell a lot of thigs right ?  people should get familiar with your grocery store right ?  if you offer good food , food products , they will come .  okay , so what about $20 , 000 , 71 degrees , and august 1st ?  no , i can 't do it , actually .  okay , what do you want to change ?  actually , i insist on renovation at least 25 , 000 .  i cannot lower it .  can you still do 71 degrees ?  no , no .  if the renovation cost is 25 , 000 , i insist , i mean the temperatuere is 67 .  okay , 67 .  i can 't do it .  actually , these two are tradeoff right ?  if i can spend a little more on renovation cost , i can , i mean , i can do higher degree but i can 't do more than those .  okay , so we agree that renovation cost is correlated with temperature , right ?  yeah .  let 's see .  and you can 't do september 1st at all ?  that 's just too late .  i can 't .  and also if i do august 1st , i need better renovation costs , i mean higher renovation costs , because i mean , i want to open in may 1st .  right , right .  can $30 , 000 , 71 degrees and august 1st ?  how about $30 , 000 , 67 69 degrees and august 1st ?  can this help ?  i need some time .  oh , we never talked about floor space , maybe we should talk about floor space before we decide all of those things .  what did you want for floor space ?  probably 40% .  for you for me ?  i think for me .  okay , so i would get 60% ?  uhhuh , is that okay ?  that 's okay .  so now we're doing the .okay .  so you want 30 , 000 , 69 degrees and august 1st .  let me think .  i want 30 , 000 , i mean better for me is 30 , 000 .  65 , and may 1st .  but you know , 30 , 000 i cannot lower it .  the degree i can choose is 67or 69 , either of these two , and date is july 1st .  i can 't..it can 't be earlier..i cannot wait .  it 's very important for me to open later though .  i can pay more if it 's later .  yeah but , how about my wine you know ?  and although i need some time to do the renovation but actually , may 1st is enough time .  and i think you can , i mean , why do you need spend so much time ?  i mean you can do it parallel right ?  it has to ship here , so i don 't have all of my groceries yet .  so you have nothing ?  oh okay .  but i think , i mean it 's also good for you to open early , you can , i mean , have some activity to attract people come here , to look at your store , and to know your store , and you can also do some , i mean , advertisement of something to let them know .  if i can do 67 degrees , could i do august 1st ?  cause then it 's much cooler .  very much less than 73 degrees .  if you agree with renovation cost of 30 , 000 and 67 degrees , i will give you august 1st .  i can do that .  okay , sure .  so , it 's 30 , 000 renovation cost , 67 degree , and august 1st .  sure .  are we done ?  let me think .  8:30 to 8:30 , 30 , 000 , 60/40 , august 1st , 67 degrees .  yeah , yeah .  i wrote that .  okay .  yeah , hi .  nice to meet you .  yeah , nice to meet you .  how are you , i'm eric .  hi , i'm inzoo .  inzoo ?  nice to meet you .  yeah , nice to meet you .  are you an american ?  yes , i am .  i'm korean .  you're korean ?  okay .  i've been here less than one year .  okay , well , i've been here in maryland for about five years .  we have a time limit hereand i think my personal opinion is we want to make money in the same place so i think we don 't need to fight each other .  sure .  try to coexist under one roof , yeah .  so you're in the wine business ?  yes , that 's right .  you're in charge of the grocery ?  yeah , grocery but mostly with coffee and yeah .  do you have any preference about which issue you want to talk about ?  do you want to start with hours of operation or ?  it 's okay , yeah .  so do you have any preference ?  well , what 's your preference , first of all ?  actually , i want to open from 10:30 to 10:30 .  10:30 , okay , i guess if you're in the wine business , i can understand if you want to have a little later , but as you know , my shop feels..i guess i think some people would consider it to be breakfast items .  so of course , 10:30 might be a little late for me .  so what is your best time ?  well , the earlier the better .  the earlier the better ?  what is your best time ?  well , well , 10:30 is definitely a little late for me i think .  in my opinion , this is just a personal opinion .  the freshness of the baker is the most important thing in the grocery store , and i think..i'm not sure when i usually bring the grocery .  it probably depends on the type of item , but i think the reason why i would like to start earlier is the fact that i sell coffee and some breakfast items that i'm hoping particularly , in dupont circle is an area where many young professionals live , hopefully in their way to work i can get some business from them .  so , of course , deliveries would be very early in the morning before traffic would start .  but you know how early is that ?  well since in washington , many people start work early , i think many people working for the government start working as early as 7:30 or 8 o'clock .  so would well ...  you would prefer 10:30 opening of course and i'm finishing at 10:30 at night right ?  so , what would you say to..well , would 9:30 be completely out of the question or is that something yeah , i'm accepting , yeah , so do you is it easy to open ?  well , that 's still a little late for me , i think .  so..well , it 's actually i plan to have the bulk of my business in the morning .  so , and at what time of the day would you expect the bulk of your business to be ?  sorry , i didn 't understand , bulk ?  most of your business , when do you think would be the busiest time for you ?  i think in the evening .  in the evening it 's a alcohol business so usually there are people in the evening .  yeah , yeah , yeah , so , so would 8:30 be ?  well of course if it 's 8:30 in the morning , it 's until 8:30 at night .  is that getting ?  yeah , a little bit too early to close the store .  do you mind if we talk about this a little later ?  okay let 's move on to the next issue .  what do you think would be important for you next ?  actually , the most important thing for me is decoration .  dcor , okay .  personally i think if we are in the location , position , if we decorate the..if we draw the customer 's attention by decoration , i think that would be better .  i want to spend as much as we okay .  so as much as possible , what does that mean for you in terms of amounts ?  of course we would all love to spend the $40 , 000 ?  $48 , 000 ?  40 , 40 , just 40 .  40 that 's still i think that 's a little high for you knowmaybe in the wine business it 's important to have that kind of flashy image you know .  people in the grocery business maybe a little less concerned about that , so .  i mean , of course , the renovation cost is something that you have to spend first and worry more about being able to recoop the cost , so .  do you still feel comfortable that amount of money ?  yeah , i think that , i mean that this will pay off in the long run so yeah can i ask you a question ?  what is the most important issue in this negotiation ?  what do you think is the most important ?  well , i think anyone going into any type of negotiation , even if they don 't admit it , their number 1 priority is getting what they want .  but at the same time , if we are sharing a space , it 's good to maybe not be friends but at least coexist peacefully , so i think finding a reasonable compromise would be important .  in my case , the most important thing is decorations .  if i have good , if i get good offer , maybe i can step back on one of your issues .  alright then , i appreciate that .  so what is the most important ?  i would say probably for me , i would hmm well we've already discussed the issue but i still think the hours of operation are the most since i just..that timing being important .  what is your best time ?  i think my best time would be from 6:30 .  6:30 ?  !given that fact that many people in washington start work early and you know i would hope to do a good breakfast business and my fear is that definitely 10:30 is almost lunch time for some people .  so , the earlier the better so i think i would be willing thinking that i can increase my business by opening more early .  that i would be willing to spend a little more and then i would hope for renovation costs .  as you know , in the alcohol business , the closing at 6:30 in the evening is too early .  yeah , i understand that .  if i accept the 6:30 , is your time , your business hours , can you accept the offer of the decoration ?  i would be willing to well of course , according to our chart , the top amount is $30 , 000 , right ?  and you would like to spend that much or more .  yes , you're right .  i think i would be willing to would $25 , 000 be unreasonable for you ?  $25 , 000 and 6am ?  well , 6:30 would be my preferred time , but as i've said , i think that the bulk of my business would be early , so you know , i might even be persuaded to meet your renovation cost a month if you would be willing to but since it seems that definitely for us , the days are switched where your business is more at the end of the day and my business is at the end of the day , so i don 't want to be completely inflexible so would 7:30 be a more reasonable ?  it is a little bit more reasonable , but so you'll accept the $25 , 000 ?  and opening at 7:30 .  is that somewhat reasonable for you or ?  i still..i know , maybe a little early finishing time for you .  i can 't say right now if this is acceptable or not .  but still , i think $25 , 000 is reasonable .  okay .  can i talk about hours of operation later ?  we can yeah , we can come back to that , yeah .  this is a little bit .  okay , so we have the three other issues to discuss , the floor space , the temperature , and the opening day .  which do you think you would like to discuss next ?  what about the temperature ?  and of course , the temperature impacts alsobecause something at warmer temperature is cheaper because it 's less cooling cost , but lower temperature what about the freshness ?  usually , keeping the my produce , things like that ?  hmm , well i think that the..probably , let me think about one thing .  i think the most of my items don 't need it too cold , and given the fact that we're thinking of a higher renovation cost , covered over the year what do you sell ?  as i've said , it 's more breads and things that do not necessarily , at least the room temperature doesn 't have to be very very cold .  particularly these days , i think the cooling and heating costs are much higher than usual because of oil prices and those types of things .  i have to i think..because i need to keep the wine in the cold , i think i need to use the referidgerator .  okay .  if then , the electricity cost is you think that 's a little higher than yeah .  but of course , even  keeping it at 65 degrees in the shop is not cold enough for a wine to be cold right ?  so what temperature do you think you would be the ultimate for your ?  69 is acceptable but can i treat this problem with another problem ?  okay , sure sure .  floor space , how much space do you need ?  well , i think a little more than half would be the ultimate for me .  oh really .  so how much percent ?  well the ultimate for me would be 60% .  60% ?  so that means you want to use 60% of. .  of the floor space .  yeah , that 's perfect for me .  okay , let 's agree on 60% , very good .  that 's one item that so you're going to use 60% of that space and 40% of the space .  is that good for you because i think my items require a little more space than your items but not significantly , so .  but how about the grand opening date ?  what are you thinking ?  wine , the earlier the better , but i don 't care too much about this thing .  okay , yeah in my case actually , i think that the being able to since i'm dealing with imported foods and some sort of specialty items , i think it 's important to find some people to work for me who are understandable .  you need time for practice ?  maybe a little bit of time to find somebody who 's skillful and that kind of thing , so you said around july would be ?  when would you prefer to start ?  the earlier the better but july is acceptable .  is it easy for okay to you ?  a little later is better for me , actually since it 's already giving later .  but i think if i accept the september or august , would you be flexible on opening time ?  the time ?  i actually prefer to be flexible about the temperature .  the temperature ?  !earlier is still better for me , i think .  so , how about..well you would prefer to keep it around 69 degrees , you think would be acceptable ?  69 ?  67 ?  67 ?  if you accept 67 , i'm going to..i'll okay , so , i think 67 degrees is reasonable but i think that would also be impacted by the grand opening date .  oh really .  yeahoh okay .  what is your ?  well , later the better but i think i would if you were able to open at 6:30 in the morning , i think that maybe starting in august would be okay .  starting in july would i guess be okay .  you said 6:30 ?  if you agree to earlier hours , i'm agreeable to starting in the middle of summer for the starting day .  so when is your date you want to start ?  would july be okay ?  july ?  i can well probably fix the hours ?  okay so at this point , we agreed on 60% floor space right ?  and so if we agree on the 6:30 start time , and well i also agree to higher renovation costs , maybe $25 , 000 , and we both agreed on 60% , and i don 't care about the opening date. .  you're flexible on the opening date. .  which one is the most problem for you ?  if you are more flexible about hours , i don 't care about opening date at all .  oh really ?  okay , so how about would you be adverse to september 1st for starting date ?  it is acceptable if we open 7:30or 8:30 .  how about 7:30 ?  okay .  gorcery , okay , 7:30 starting , september 1st , gorcery , temperature is which temperature did you ?  6769 maybe ?  67 then .  okay then , well , are you almost satisfied with our agreement then ?  i'm not satisfied but yeah anyway , we can work with i think we can work together thanks .  i'm lindy .  i'm fuching .  fuching ?  hi , nice to meet you .  so do you want to start right now ?  sure , i guess do you want to go through each of the five issues one at a time , and if we can 't come to an easy agreement on one , we can come back to it .  okay , okay .  so , do you want to start on the hours of operation ?  is it okay to ask you your priority of the hours of operation ?  yeah , that would be great .  for us , the later the hours , the betterbecause more people tend to purchase their wine later in the day as opposed to you know , when they're headed to a party or going out to dinner , and also i feel like you know , both of our products are kind of luxury items , not necessarily , necessities and so many people work 9 to 5 jobs so i feel like we'll get better sales if we're open late at night .  so i really prefer to have later hours .  yeah , of course i understand , but actuallyi'm going to sell breakfast , and so earlier the better .  do you think that we can , make an agreement of maybe we can .we can open the store a little earlier ?  since we're going to you know , we're going to share the space .  is it okay ?  right , yeah .  i'm just thinking how we can if we could there 's so many different context of .like i don 't know if we have the same cash registers ?  i guess we would have separate cash registers .  because most of our sales i feel would come after 5 at night , so .  and at that point , i feel that a lot of your products could be purchased in addition to our wine products when people are going out on the town or out to a party , or even having their own dinner parties or going home from work when they're relaxed and thinking about it .  is there any possibilities to make it earlier ?  what hours are you thinking ?  actually , i was thinking like 7:30am to 7:30pm .  we would really prefer 10:30am to 10:30pmbecause if we close at 7:30 , we really feel like we only have two and a half hours of sale time .  yeah but if we start at 10:30 , then at that time , i don 't think that people need breakfast , so maybe we should .how about 8:30 ?  what about 9:30 ?  well , i still think you know it 's too late , 8:30 in the morning do you want to skip to another one ?  we can come back .  we can go to renovation costs .  um , or we can go to ...  i guess renovation costs is good .  i guess my feeling is that i feel that the better our store looks inside and out , the more likely the chances of the more customers will draw in .  we both have specialty , highlevel items that we sell so we really need to project an image of cleanliness .  especially more so cleanliness for food and wine products if people are going to be eating , to show that we follow standards .  dupont circle , especially where everybody is so trendy and coming and going and i think we're going to be able to prosper in this area and our return on our investment will be high .  we can put in the renovation initially .  it 's easier to renovate and make all the changes right away before we actually opened up than to try to continue to renovate once we're open .  maybe we should reduce the cost in the beginning ?  well , i feel like there 's not going to be this is going to be the beall if we make it or notbecause if once we're open and we get a clientbase , trying to close down again to further renovate or update the building will make our businesses suffer .  i understand but what if you spent that much money on renovation but it didn 't get back ?  sometimes people start a business with little bit of money and i just feel that the more you put in , the more you put out .  right .  so what 's your budget ?  this is one of the areas where i do kind of feel strongly abouti really feel that 30 , 000 be appropriate , especially because i mean , dupont circle 's an area where there 's so many other specialty stores that we're going to have quite a bit of competition and if we go in with looking the way it currently is , i don 't think we'll be able to attract the clientele that frequents the area .  they're just not going to take us seriously .  i think $30 , 000 is too much for me , and especially i don 't think we don 't need to have like a fancy store to sell the grocery .  but we're both specialty items , we're not just a grocery store .  because we're going to be doing a new venture with wine and bread together with you know , and you know , you're an upper crust , you're not lower crust you know , value market .  we're both fine retailers .  i think we really need to project that image or we're not going to be able to compete .  it 's very difficult for me too .  actually , i don 't have that much budget you know ?  i prefer to spend the money on the product quality , the quality of the product .  is it necessary to spend that much money on renovation ?  i think the renovation is something where a little loan could be taken outand i think in return , investment , i  know from our end and our experience that the return in investment is sure to be high the more we put in initially , because this initial image is..it 's going to cost us more to revamp an image if it 's not you know high quality than it is to start over .  yeah , i know first impression is important .  i understand , i mean , you know , we're going to have to take out a loan .  our budget is limited but i just feel that i mean we're both , you know , the best in our industries , so i think we're not taking that large of a gamble if we do the costly renovation in the beginning , and once we put that money down , you know , it'll be better to have that as initial high quality and then we'll have less , like , you know , unexpected expenses come when things go wrong that we didn 't expect to start with .  how about we don 't put that much money in the beginning , maybe reduce the cost , i mean , don 't put like 30 , 000 or higher in the beginning .  maybe we can you know , like $15 , 000 in the beginning , and after that when we earn some money i don 't think that there 's anyway that we can we have to shut our stores down to do renovations and we're going to have to lose money .  so i think this is a onetime shot , a onetime chance to make our image known .  and i feel like i have room to maneuver in other areas but this is one of the areas that 's really important for us .  i don 't think that we can make an agreement on this issue .  yeah what if we combined these two issues together , like .  well let 's talk about the other issues first , and we'll have more wiggle room with the other issues , so we can come to agreement on something else first .  okay .  at least we understand each other 's stance on those two .  what about , do you want to go to grand opening date ?  sure .  i guess for us , we have a lot of products that are ready and most of it is in storage currently , so we're ready to go in selling the products .  so the sooner we have the grand opening , the better it would be for us .  but i have to order some special items from abroad , so i need more time to prepareand so later the better .  how much time do you need ?  september .  we were really hoping may .  but i really need some time to get the products and to set everything .  i really need some time to hire people and train them .  i think that we're already paying we've already contracted , we're going to do this so our rent is already started .  so , i know that money is tight for you as well in terms of renovation costs and everything .  if we could put more into renovation , then i'll be willing to push back the date of open , because then we need renovation time and in essence we 'd be putting in business as opposed to just paying rent .  but i feel like the further , the longer we wait to open , we're paying for something that will not have many chance to make money off of .  but if i didn 't prepare , if i didn 't and we start our business you know , i just throw my money away you know ?  there 's no chance that i can get any money .  you know what i mean ?  no .  i prefer to prepare everything and everything is all set and start .  i know you're ready for that but i still need some time .  i think that your feelings are wanting to have the quality ready in terms of starting the renovation .  i mean i'm sorry , in terms of starting the opening , is where i stand for renovation .  like you feel you'll have a better chance of making more money if we open later , well i feel like i have a better chance of making more money if we renovate , you know , at a higher cost .  is there anyway we can negotiate these two together ?  because i can definitely give on the grand opening date , i can definitely go back on that but i really need to have the renovation .  okay , so you still want $30 , 000 on the renovation ?  $30 , 000 i think would give us the best return for our investment for both of us .  and how about the opening date ?  if i can get $30 , 000 , i could go until july or august .  august .wow .  you think , okay , if you i get august 1st .it 's so difficult .  okay if i can get opening date august , then i agree .  for 30 , 000 ?  yes .  that 's awesome!okay .  let 's do temperature before floor space since we have 10 minutes .  i'm sure you have opposite opinions on these .  in terms of floor space , i know that you probably need a lot of room for your you have to bake and create whereas we really just have we can pretty much consolidate our products , so we will definitely be willing to give you more of the space than we would take .  how about 60% ?  you want 60% ?  that 's perfect!oh really ?  we'll take 40 .  oh okay!!how about temperature ?  let 's try that .  for us , i'm not that familiar with your needs for producers , but with our wines , we're open to do wine samplings , you know , to attract sales and we have a lot of specialty wines where we kind of need it more you know , in the 60s as opposed , 60 degree temperatures are perfect for serving and selling our wine .  i need higher temperatures to preserve the food what temperatures are you looking at ?  what temperature are you looking at ?  we're looking at the 60s .  60 degree range .  69 degrees , is that okay ?  mmm we really prefer 65 degrees .  that would be optimal for us , but what is..we could probably negotiate on that .  what 's the lowest that you could possibly go ?  69 degrees .  is there anyway you can go to 67 ?  okay , done! okay .  perfect .  one last thing in a few minutes .  okay , the hours , we're debating between 9:30 am to 9:30pm/or 8:30am to 8:30 pm at this point , correct ?  it 's so funny , it 's just an hour difference .  i mean , of course , let 's see .  i guess how can we figure this out to be fair ?  because you need breakfast hours but i need evening hours .  so , either way , one of us is going to lose a little bit of each .  so , let 's just cut it .10:30 to 10:30 was my first choice .  what was your first choice ?  my first choice , the earlier the better .  what was the best time you were looking for ?  of course , 6:30 is the perfect time for me .  so why don 't we just cut it even and do the 8:30 to 8:30 ?  okay!alright , we're done!okay , so we all have the same five issues right ?  right .  the first one , the hour of operation .  yeah , but which one are you most concerned about ?  okay , actually , my first concern is the opening date .  is it ?  when do you want it to be ?  the best for me is september 1st .  okay .  what is your second issue of concern ?  i can go with the hour of operation .  okay , and you wanted it to be ?  6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  oh gosh , they set us up .  i wanted it to be 10:30 am to 10:30 pm .  i see .  okay , and your third issue ?  that would be the temperature .  okay , and you wanted 73 degrees ?  yes .  figures , okay .  mine is best at 65 .  okay , your opening date will be ?  may 1st .  okay .  alright , and then your first issue would be ?  fourth ?  you mean fourth ?  yeah .  that'll be floor space .  how much would you wanted it to be ?  60% .  for you ?  and 40 for me ?  okay .  that 's your fourth issue ?  and the fifth is the renovation costs .  okay .  so , how many percent for space you want ?  um , if you want 60 , i will take 40 .  okay , but i mean , i think my first concern will be opening date .  we might need to discuss that first .  what 's your first concern then ?  my first concern is renovation costs .  renovation costs ?  okay , and how about second ?  second is the hours of operation , at 10:30 .  you want 10:30 , okayand what 's the third ?  let 's see , the temperature .  temperature ?  okay , and the fourth will be floor space .  oh , so opening date is not the issue for you right ?  no , right .  opening date is an issue for youand renovation cost is greatest issue for me .  okay , we can set up that , i mean .  alright .  so if we open september 1st , we can do 30 , 000 renovation costs .  how about we will be i mean , less , like 25 , 000 or and then we open when ?  august 1st , is that better for you ?  okay , let 's see .  the third , your third issue is temperature , and that 's a tough one .  and fourth , you want 40/60 right ?  40 for me , 60 for you .  okay , so let 's cross this out .  okay , okay , that works .  yeah .  okay , i'll say , yeah , i think my first concern is the grand opening , so i 'd rather give up the renovation costs if you , i mean , agreed for the september 1st .  alright , okay , so we open on september 1st and we do 30 , 000 .  okay .  alright .  we'll be done in like 10 minutes .  so , what we , we're all done with renovation costs , floor space , and grand opening date .  now we have hours of operation and temperature .  which is more important to you ?  hours of opening hours .  oh man!so what do you want , the 10:30 one ?  yeah , because we're in dupontand it 's 6:30 , there 's not many people to want .  yeah , but we sell the breakfast you know .  oh you do ?  uhhuh .  so if too late , then noon 's going to buy it .  alright , but we sell liquor too and people will not buy any liquor .  yeah , and dupont circle is pretty , like , night life place .  yeah ?  the breakfast here .  okay , and the temperature you want ?  why do you want it at 73 degrees ?  that 's like our food is like high temperature preserved pretty well .  we don 't need any like low temperature place you know .  my wine will boil you know ?  i know .  can we settle in the middle ?  is that better for you ?  both in the middle ?  why don 't we do okay .  cuz i think if 8:30 , somebody go for work at 9am , they still can grab some breakfast , and 8:30 is not too early , i mean , 8:30 is still you can get some wine and how about that ?  alright .  but think about how much money you making off your breakfast , like 2 dollars , and off of wine you make 10 dollars , at least .  but then , the temperature how about we open instead of .do you prefer to open at 8:30 and put it at 69 degreesor do you prefer open at 9:30 and put it at 71 degrees ?  um , let me see .  yeah , i'll prefer to , yeah i'll prefer to have 8:30 and yeah and how about you ?  alright , i will prefer to have 9:30 and 71 degrees .  but how about hold on .  you know , 9:30 is past the , past the office time already .  right , but at 10:30 , everybody is sober man .  people are just getting out to dupont .  hold on , let 's see , you want 73 degrees right ?  let me see .  what else do i sell ?  i know we sell breakfast , that 's why we need to open early .  then what else do we sell ?  do you sell coffee with breakfast ?  i guess so yeah .  we always have the option to open at open at 8:30 and keep it at 69 degrees .  but wouldn 't another combination be better ?  let me why don 't we yeah that'll work. .  that 's worse ?  how about go ahead .  if i can open 67 , yeah , 67 degrees and you open like 7:30 ?  no .  how about we open at 10:30 and keep it at 65 ?  no .  i guess , let 's see .  i guess we can do 8:30 and 69 degrees , because any other combination .because it 's in the middle .  any other combination would be worse for someone .  okay , let me let me see .  the hours of operation is your second concern right ?  right .  so that would be very important for both of us , the hours of operation is more important .  i mean we can talk forever , but i mean so , middle would be best for both of us , right ?  it should be 8:30 and 69 degrees , yeah .  i know right , that 's how i feel .  okay .  alright ?  okay .  so alright .  so we kept the 8:30am , then renovation cost at 30 , 000 ?  i'm just curious , why do you need so much money ?  because it 's very important to mebecause people don 't go buy wine out of a bad store .  really ?  you hit all these knobs and okay , because i feel like i usually go to a liquor store , everyone 's just in robes and yeah , but my wine costs like thousands of dollars .  it 's just more points , that 's all .  so 30 , 000 , and then floor space is 40% for me , 60% for your grocery store , temperature is what did you say , 69 degrees , okay , and then grand opening date why do you need it at september ?  because i need time to train the people and train the employee .  ahh , for your breakfast huh .  okay .  okay .  we need to repeat that ?  no , i'll just write down what we came to .  oh , okay .  operation , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , opening date .  alright , you want to go ask her ?  okay .  okay .  so uh..what 's , what 's most important to you ?  the most important thing for me , of course , is the opening time .  the opening time .  yeah , i cannot really open too early .  you cannot open too early .  cannot .  cannot open too early .  okay .  so you would prefer something later .  yes .  the latest as possible for mebecause i really have a lot of training stuff and ordering the the supply .  we cannot afford to open too early .  cannot afford to open too early .  yeah , because i would like to open early .  but that 's not the most important thing to me .  oh that 's good then .  that 's pretty good because then we can have more flexibility .  i would prefer september .  you prefer september ?  yeah .  okay .  that 's possiblei don 't really care too much about the opening timegreat .  my big thing is renovation cost .  renovation cost .  mmmhmm .  right .  i mean , i feel that good looks outside would make people come in .  i would want to spend a lot of money on that .  well , that 's uh yeah i can have some flexibility on that to give something to you .  okay .  so what is your preferred cost of renovation ?  for cost of renovation ?  i would like to go as high as possible .  so $30 , 000 i guess .  you know $30 , 000 is too much , too high for me .  we don 't have the big operation , operational starting budget .  if you can go $20 , 000 that would be good .  $20 , 000 ?  okay well , i mean you said the most important thing to you was opening early ?  oh yeah .  yes .  so we decide on september 1 ?  september first ?  no , i meant opening time of date .  you want to open late , i'm sorry .  that 's the most important thing , you want to open late in the day .  you said you can give me some uh..concession .  have we agreed on september 1 before we go on further for opening date ?  sure .  great .  so we are set on this .  right .  great .  uh , your turn .  your renovation cost .  what 's that ?  renovation cost .  right .  i was going to suggest , you know , like i said , that i would like to open early ?  but you want to open late .  grocery , oh yeah .  no no no , i said grand opening time .  i'm sorry .  we have misunderstanding .  i wanted grand opening time .  right .  and i agree , grand opening in september is fine .  so we'll stop talking about it .  yeah , so that 's decided , that 's good .  wine , okay .  and we were talking about the renovation costs .  you said you wanted the highest as possible and i said no , i cannot accept that , too high .  wine , right , and i'm saying like in conjunction with that , the time of day you want to talk about two issues at the same time ?  right .  i have a proposal for ya .  oh okay , i see .  umm , so , you  know , i understand why you want to open later because that 's a wine store .  and most of the customers. .  but for me , we have operation on the breakfast .  so we have to have part of time , for the early time .  oh i see .  i misunderstood .  i thought you said you wanted to open no , i'm sorry for that misunderstanding .  i said the grand opening date for the entire shop .  not the operation time .  okay , i see .  well ?  i think i can take if you say late can i take 8:30am to pm ?  i'm sorry 8:30 am to pm .  okay .  i mean if i go that far down in the opening time , and seeing how i already said september is fine , do you think maybe you can go all the way up to the top with the $30 , 000 ?  uh $30 , 000 i said is $20 , 000 .  $30 , 000 is way too far .  i see .  see here is a good combination of operation time and the renovation cost .  if we go 8:30 to 8:30 and $20 , 000 for renovation , will you take that ?  yeah , possibly .  although you know , that would again be a  decent .  let 's talk about .  let 's make that possible because that would seem like but your proposal seems to be..those are the two middle options .  oh yes , i can take it , definitely if you say yes , i can take it , i can take it .  so it 's not really i'm really open about it .  okay .  so let 's let 's , let 's put this aside .  we still have another two yeah , floor space and temperature there .  which one you prefer to talk first ?  let 's talk temperature first .  temperature , temperature is really a big deal for me because we i will prefer to have a big part of the store area .  i thought we were doing , i'm sorry , temperature or store area ?  yeah , they are related .  we are talking about temperature but because , since we , i prefer to have bigger part of the store area , so the temperature will a higher effect on me .  because that 's that 's cut on if you set the temperature lower , uh..higher , we can save on the electricities .  and since we will have the bigger part of the store , saving on electricity is a big issue for me .  so we prefer you prefer to have higher temperature .  higher temperature .  yes .  and big area .  the bigger part of the store .  okay .  so it sounds like to me , your dream is you own 70% of the store. .  ah , not necessary , 70% , not too high .  wine , more than 50% anyway .  exactly .  and you think..you also want then 70 degrees , 73 ?  not necessary , 73 of course will be ideal for me .  but you know this is negotiation .  if you get nothing , i'm not going to get anything either .  we have to be in some middle point .  71 , we can take it ?  71 degrees ?  that 's too low for me .  i'm sorry , that 's too high for me .  too high a temperature .  maybe you can follow the uh 'cause you know we uh we put renovation and operation hour together .  since probably we can also conjunction , put into conjunction the floor space and the temperature together if i use something to you on the floor .  do you prefer to have how what 's your position on the floor space ?  i mean , you know , to me , the more floor space it 's a wine store .  what 's that ?  it 's a wine store , right ?  it is a wine store , but still , you know , more store space means you know , i can put more products out there , which means i can sell more .  you're right .  i mean , i came in here thinking 50% would be as lowest as i would want to go .  would you be willing how about this ?  i would be willing to take 40% of the store , you know , i would give you your extra floor space , if maybe we go up a little higher , or go a little lower for me on temperature .  how low will that be ?  you just said 40% now on the space .  right .  with that , how low you will go for the temperature ?  how about 67 ?  67that will be a problem because that will cost my store a lot of electricity .  i see .  although , you wanna 60% of the space .  no , i want 40 .  oh yeah .  i only want 40 , you would get 60 .  we have 60% of the space .  it 's really fair that we cut our electricity based on the space .  so i will pay like a 60% electricity .  and if that 's like uh seventy you said 67 degrees  that will be too low .  too low for you .  too low for me .  okay .  cause you see , what i'm trying to do here , i'm saying i came in here thinking i would like 50% of the floor space .  and i'm saying i'm willing to take only 40% instead in return for , you know maybe a concession from you on making the temperature a little bit lower .  mmm temperature is 67 .  if you can take one , two degrees higher , that would be ideal .  i can take it definitely .  oh , that doesn 't seem good for mebecause two degrees higher puts us at the middle .  you know , the middle of the five options ?  temperature ?  so i'm giving you the middle here and i'm still taking hit over here on the floor space .  is that the point , one issue ?  we are actually talking about the cost , or the profitability to our store .  two degrees is a really big deal for the wine store ?  since you only have 40% of the store space .  and that 's really a small percentage from the electricity bill ,  , and two degrees i spend on it , temperature will not have that huge effect as , to me right ?  since you only have 40% of the store space .  and that 's really a small percentage from the electricity bill , i'll pay more on electricity .  i mean , you know .  another ten percent of the store isn 't that much either , really .  ah , yeah right .  you it matters to you than 10% to me on the space , floor space .  probably we can go back to talk let 's stay here , let 's say .  if you have 40% of the store space , and 67 degrees , you can definitely take it ?  yes .  and i can take it if that 's 40 , 40% to you , and 69 degrees .  so i can definitely take it .  okay , that 's two options , is what you're saying .  alright .  so we and um , you said it 's very possible you can take 8:30 on operation time and $20 , 000 dollars for the renovation .  true .  that would be okay , i mean you know , in the back of my head i'm thinking that i agreed to september 1 , so i still feel that you know , somewhere in here , if we were to take the middle of the road , 8:30 opening and $20 , 000 , if we were to take that , i would insist on 40% of the floor space for me and 67 degrees .  how about i i can increase the renovation cost to $25 , 000 .  from $20 , 000 to $25 , 000 .  and you yield 2 degrees on the temperature to me , from 69 to from 67 to 69 .  and we keep the other two options as it is .  so the total agreement would be open at 8:30 , $25 , 000 for renovation , 40% floor space for me , 60% for youand degree will be 69 .  69 degrees and september 1 .  yes .  okay , deal .  great .  that 's no time , uh , 10 minutes ?  so let 's repeat to make sure we get everything correct .  8:30 to 8:30 operation time , $25 , 000 renovation cost , and 60% floor space for me .  40% for me .  and that will be 69 degree and september 1 is the opening time .  great .  good cooperation , nice talking with you .  nice talking .  well , partner , it looks like .put us in this together , we got to be able to make it work .  what 's your experience in the wine business ?  well , um , what 's your name , first ?  oh , i'm doug love .  your name ?  my name is shihua .  shihua .  yeah .  shihua .  so if we americanize that .or maybe we can chinesify my name .  how would you do that ?  douglas .  douglas .  you're really famous with one movie star .  oh , okay!kurt douglas , yeah .  that 's okay .  and your name again ?  shihua .  shoe ?  shihua .  yeah , shihua , actually yeah , i'm trying to make easy for our customers .  hey sure!is that good ?  it 's okay .  okay , they can call you shihua when they're being official , buying the expensive stuff .  see , you've been in the wine business for awhile ?  great .  have you ever been to my little shop up there in shaw ?  uh no , actually .  nice clientele , but you know , the building is being trashed , so i gotta be out of there by the end of the year anyway .  and this opportunity that benducci 's given us is really good , right there in dupont .  what i wanted to bring up is this chart showing the temperatures , the different times a year , and that 's why i think we got to be very careful about when we open because our stock has to be protected , of course .  if we get started late in the year , i was thinking , october 1st .  benducci 's won 't have to worry about that , yeah!that would fit my schedule just perfect because i can get the stock moved in , everything closed out in the other place .  but , then benducci 's kind of fussy about that but he wants to go for labor day and i said , okay that'll work .  so we tried to do that .  i think probably , i want to it to be earlier , because , yes , you know , i have wine and you already got stock in your current store ?  yeah , i already got stock in my wine store .  yeah , so i think it 's better for me to start my business as soon as possible .  well sure , it 's just that you know , summer , you gotta cart that stuff across town .  where are you located now ?  i'm located in rockville .  rockville , yes , so you have to come all the way down wisconsin ave .  and down to dupont , and so you gotta be careful but you gotta find a cold day in august or something .  i really do not like august .  yeah , you ought to do it later .  yeah now , so , i mean , i'm the space , so far , i'm still running that space , so , i mean , the rental increase is very high , so i just want to move from there to here as soon as possible .  you can probably get it done on a weekend just before we get started and get set up .  right , right , right .  i hope we can open , i mean , together .  yeah , we have to , that 's benducci 's rule!have you been to his flagship store in the bronx ?  it 's really great! i like it down the one in atlanta , it must be the third in the country .  i like it the way he 's got it arranged .  i think , i mean , in dupont circle , there are lots of other shoppers , so i think i mean , to attract other people 's eye , i think we have to make some decoration of our shops .  a little bit , the building 's great so it doesn 't need that much but you know , we can do signage .  i think we have to show some specialty , i mean to others , right ?  absolutely .  when people drive or walk around dupont circle , they can , i mean , see all the shops , i mean .  you know , it 's going to be mostly foot traffic because you can 't park down there for anything .  but you know there is a lot of walkers .  yeah , absolutely .  that 's our main target .  those folks that are there early and by 6:30 , 7 , they're gone .  no , i don 't think so , i mean you get the dinner market later yeah , but they're not shopping .  it 's the folks that work around there that will be our customers .  they're going to see us , come over right after work about 5 , pick up what they need , and go home , and they're gone .  all that 's left is the hookers and the dinnergoers and stuff like that .  well , you know , i mean in dupont circle , there are a  lots of people there and a lot of people live there , so i mean , someday they must have party or no party , or even want to drink something , maybe coke or wine , stuff like that , so i think i mean we don 't want to become one of the bag stores now , we're selling high quality specialty stuff .  we want people to come in and buy it , take home with it .  yes , so we also want to , i mean , we're very convenient to customers .  it 's the earlybirds that are going to be our best shoppers because they're coming in just on their way to work , and those , those joggers you  know ?  .  no , i don 't think so .  i think i mean , i mean , most of the parties or like dinner , they are there in the evening right ?  in the evening , they're getting their stuff at the restaurant .  no , not everybody goes to restaurant right ?  not for everybody , not most of the time , they are still eating at home , not really , at restaurant .  so i just think , i mean no , around there it 's a restarant district .  that 's all that 's going to be there in the evening , that and the bums .  we're not going to deal with bums , i 'd hope .  we probably need a little bit of security at the front door sometimes there .  but really , the earlier we open , the better off we areand i know benducci says it 's gotta be 12 hours so i think we can make that work .  well , how early do you want ?  you know , i would prefer 5 .  5am ?  !yeah .  no .  cause that 's when the first people get off the metro , and they're on their way to work and they got to pick up something quick before they get into work .  have all the groceries , have the newspapers , and couple bottles there that they might need for party at work in the afternoon .  so there 's a lot of opportunities there to reach the early crowd and the late crowd by being open somewhat 5 to 6 .  i just think , i mean , because i mean , people coming from the metro , i mean , in the metro station , there are already a lot of other grocery store , from small one .  i mean , they already have newspapers , they already have breakfast so well , the newspaper 's there but we're going to carry outoftown papers too and that helps .  well , we also have that .  we'll have new york times , we also have wall street journal , so i don 't think i mean , we should open so early , right ?  well if at 5am if they see our shop , see they can get everything at our place .  most of them get everything in , i mean , just nearby the metro station .  yeah but it 's scattered around; you get the paper out of the box and you get the sandwich at the deli , and it 's sort of separated .  i'm trying to set up a onestop shop so they can get everything at our place .  but do you think 5am too earlybecause i have a guy who do the statistics .  he said actually , the rush hour , the rush hour is starting from 8 o'clock , actually .  it means no , people get there at 6 to just get a parking place .  they start work at 8 so they got to be in their little offices by then .  they won 't be coming out until 10 .  it takes couple hours to restock .  i mean , i mean , in the metro , in the metro , i mean , 8 o'clock , 9 o'clock , there are most of the people there .  no , there 's lot of twerps but we're looking for the working bees .  you know what ?  i mean working bees .  they probably do not really really care about the .  no , they're the ones that're going to be coming in buying little candy bars and stuff , a bottle of wine for the but they can buy them nearby the metro station , not really need to go to the grocery store to buy it , right ?  since you're a very big one , i mean , people will have to spend the time to walking and finding what they want .  well we got to..we got to be proactive about this .  we're going to be premier store on the circle .  we got to be be the place where people go , we can 't say i think we should targeton the people who come back home , not people who go to work .  when people come back home , i mean , they are very free so they have , have enough time to select what kind of things they want to buy .  i think this maybe better for you , i mean , every people have to eat so they go to your grocery store to buy bread , buy drink , to buy other things for their dinner and maybe they can also , i mean , wine or other liquors from our from my store .  so i just think , i mean well we're going to share a check out aren 't we ?  yes .  so it 's our store .  we gotta be able to compromise .  yes , yes , we have to cooperate right ?  how about 7 ?  that would work .  we miss some of the early traffic but we get some of the later traffic .  i think that would work for both of us .  i know that the guys that work for me now don 't want to start any earlier than 7 .  i have to wake them up sometimes and drag them out to get to work .  you know what ?  we should target on the people who come back homeso , so in this way i think 7 is also too early .  i will prefer like , 9 o'clock or something like that .  9 ?  !we're skipping half the traffic down there if we don 't open until 9 .  no , because , i mean , because my target , our target is focused on the people who come back home , people , i mean like housewife who stay at home , i mean , they don 't want to get up so early right ?  there are no housewives in that neighborhood!no , i think it 's .it 's a nice place so a lot of people live there , so there must be housewives , other people there , so i mean they don 't need to get up so early right ?  i've seen the joggers come through at 5 , it 's an amazing group! those guys on the bicycles too , especially .  they like to come in for snacks .  they're some of the quality buyers of liquor too , so .  they're the folks that we ought to be concerned about .  well , that 's a problem .  the joggers and the bicyclers , they're on the streetthey're usually do not really like to go into the store to walk around to find what they want well if we had a bike rack in the front , they'll feel better about it , cause you know , these guys are in their  ..they're bike messengers and they're all over town but they congregate in dupont for a raeson , because the ambiance there , and we want to be part of that and we want to reach them .  so you still think 7 is good ?  i think 7 would be perfect .  i would prefer 5 but 7 would reach both clientele , the ones that are there after work , on their way home , and we'll still reach some of the early traffic .  you know what ?  because my shop most of the stuff is wine , 7 o'clock is not really practical for mebecause nobody will get up so early to buy wine right ?  it would be great if i can start at 5 and you can close at 9 but benducci won 't let us .  so , i think i mean , most of the people , i mean , buy food but they come back home no really buy food when they go to work , so i think your target should mostly focus on the people who come back .  so i think it 's better to have a late time instead of early time .  i think a compromise is needed here because we need to reach a little bit of both of them .  i don 't think there is and also i think there are lots of i mean , small groceries there , and people can very easily to get newspapers , get breakfast , so i do not really think people will , i mean , would like to going to your big store to find what they want .  it 's not that big , it 's a specialty store afterall in dupont , nothing big .  hopefully it 's just the right store , convenient .  the giant in greenbelt is so big people got lost there and starved to death .  i don 't want the same thing happen in your store right ?  this is going to be just the right size for people to come in and feel comfortable .  so i mean , i saw a lot of people they buy food when they come back home , so why not start late and close late ?  well , because we're going to miss the clientele .  i think a good compromise around 7:30 half an hour , that doesn 't make much difference right ?  you know what ?  what do you think about 7 , 7:30or 8 o'clock ?  i mean , people are rushed to go to our place .  7:30 is a bit late , it should be earlier , because they will have to be at that office by 8 .  i know the executives that are the wine buyers are going to get to their office by 9 or maybe 10 but they're not the main clientele , i don 't think .  they'll be the big ticket buyers but frankly , i think you probably also know people who buy wine are mostly wine in the evening , in the later afternoon so they are really i don 't think in the afternoon except for those bums .  well , let 's forget , let 's forget the bums .  i mean , yeah so what do you think ?  5:30 ?  i think 9 .  i think 9 is better .  we're going to miss all of the morning business then .  there 's no reason to open till 3 really .  well that 's the thing , i 'd like to stay open until midnight and open at 5 but we can 't do that .  what we really should do is to close in the middle of the day and just miss the tourists .  we have a lot of business coming in throughout the morning , really .  so we need to compromise on this .  you want what , 9 , i want 5 .  7 would be in the middle .  7:30 ?  we 'd still catch the mornign people in the way in and we'll be open after work when people come home .  i really do not think , i mean , this half an hour difference make , this half and hour difference i'm willing to give you half an hour there , that 's why i'm saying 7:30 instead of 7 .  i think you should also understand my situation .  look at other liquor stores .  most of them open in the noon time .  , well , this is just not a liquor store , it 's a combination deal and we want to have that upscale clientele who buys crackers and wine .  yes , i mean , i mean , they are going to buy wine for what ?  for parties , not for office right ?  office parties .  i know those offices in there .  well , i mean , it 's not very , i mean , frequently occur .  so most of them , i mean , still buy wine i mean for the evening , not for the daytime .  well , if we can catch them before they get to work , that 's good .  we might get some at lunch time and then i think lunch time is good , right ?  because there 's lots of office buildings there so i believe , i mean , your store will definitely get lots of people who have lunch .  you should have really good decoration , very special , i mean , people will like it here and people will enjoy it here .  people will come here again .  so i also think , we should i mean , do a great renovation , i mean , to our store .  let 's make us very competitive to other stores right ?  yeah , the building 's great though .  it doesn 't need that much .  like i said , we need signage and i think we need a little security .  well , every building in dupont circle dupont circle is nice place , so every building are good , every building is good .  so we have to have our own there 's some crap buildings down there but this one 's good , compared to the others .  at least it 's clean , and it 's been rebuilt inside oh , every place is clean , every place is no .no .  you haven 't seen some of the slums over in georgia avenue .  they're bad , there 's some buildings that have fallen down .  i almost rented one and it fell down before i signed the lease , it was terrible!well , dupont circle is not the case .  i mean , it 's not the situation .  i mean , dupont circle is very nice place and very famous place .  there 's lots of other stores there .  so i mean , we have to have our own attraction to other people .  i want people to come again and then again .  our main expense can be signage and security at the front door , and i think we can get by with $10 , 000 .  10 , 000 ?  !no , i think 10 , 000 is not enough .  well ?  what do you need ?  10 , 000 can you gotta budget ?  actually , i want to spend a lot of money .  you got a lot of money to spend ?  yeah , most i think i can get back the investment very soon .  well , you spend your money and i'll spend 10 , 000 , we'll have a deal!how much you gonna spend ?  well i think it 's for our store , not only for individual person , so i 'd rather , i mean to share the expense , right ?  sure , that 's why i'm willing to put up 10 , 000 .  but 10 , 000 is not really helpful because i mean very high i gotta see your budget .  signage is only 5000 , and security you can get for 5000 easily .  how about we do this ?  you , oh , by the way , i have another question .  how much space you want for the whole store ?  well , with the space available , i could get by with 60% i think .  60% ?  how about we do it this way ?  i'm going to i think for the whole renovation , the total we need is around $30 , 000 .  for the space , i don 't need half; i think 40% is enough for me .  well , 60% for me , that 's fine!so , i mean , so then for the renovation , i can pay half .  so total is $30 , 000 , i'm going to pay you $15 , 000 .  what do you want to spend 30 , 000 on ?  i got 10 , 000 .  hi .  hi , so what works best for you for hours of operation ?  what would be your best case scenario ?  i mean , of course , you know , grocery , i mean , i have to sell some food right ?  so the early earlier the betterbecause all the how do you say like we go to school , people go to work , so it 's like normally before 8 o'clock .  so somebody will wake up like early so they can grab their breakfast so they can go on highway or something .  they need time to travel too .  so what time do you think will be a good time to open ?  what 's your suggestion ?  i think it 's 6:30am to 6:30pm .  i knew that you're selling wines right ?  rightso you probably nobody wants to come so early and then have a look at other wine .  it 's better for me to be open later because a lot of people want to come in the evening .  i know , but how about we come up with some plan , like they can order a day before that 's a good idea .  and then pickup in the morning , maybe they have a party at lunch or something .  that 's a good idea but and work together .  i think a lot of people buy wine in the last minute .  but you know , i also know that i go grocery shopping later in the evening because that 's what works best with my scheduleso would you compromise ?  would you consider something maybe an 8:30 opening time ?  8:30 is kind of late for me though .  right , see 8:30 is still really early for me but i don 't think i can go much earlier than 8:30 .  is it possible , like , i can just try to help you to sell some of the wine by putting stuff or like , do you sell vinegar as well ?  because it 's my product .  that 's great .  no , no , i don 't .  but i 'd be willing to go a bit earlier slightly opening time for you if you were to consider a higher renovation cost amount .  hmm , ok .  then , so 7:30 will not work for you then ?  is that possible to be 7:30 ?  seems like you want 8:30 , i want 6:30 .  how about just make it 7:30 ?  well , let 's talk about renovation costs .  what would be ideal for you for renovation costs ?  like , the lower the betterbecause i mean , i just want it to be clean , because we are going to sell foods , so health concern is .but the decoration is not my main concern .  for me , decoration is the big thing .  i'm a wine store and i have to show off my goods , i want to have it fancy looking , i want to make it look like french wine country , so i really need quite a bit for so what is your how to say your .what is the deal you want for the renovation ?  well , if we could do 25 , 000 for renovation , i 'd be willing to open at 7:30 .  that 's kind of too much , though .  25 , 000 mmm .  okay , i don 't mind to make it fancier .  yeah , so you can use 25 , 000 and then we can open at 7:30 .  okay!great , because i hope everybody will come and grab breakfast later .  so okay , let 's discuss about the floor space .  okay .  so what is the area ?  i would like to have 40% of the floor space .  oh , that 's good!then i'll have 60% right ?  okay!yeah , that 's it .  so temperaturewise , i know your wine should keep probably low for temperature ?  yeah , i definitely need low temperature .  so what 's the best temperature for you ?  for me , it would be 65 .  65 , 65 ?  !for me , it would be 73because criteria is all the same..are good in room temperature or something .  okay .  what about if we did 69 ?  mmm i definitely can 't go over 70cause some of the wine would spoil then .  can we buy a referidgerator then ?  then our .then our costs would go up for electricity .  oh yeah , that 's true .  mmm , so you say 69 ?  69okay!so the grand opening date , i really want to train the cus i mean the our how do you way our clerks so that they have good training so they can have good customer service or things that customers need help .  so i wanted to open so that later the better .  so what is your criteria then ?  i definitely want to open earlier the better , because i don 't have as much prep work to do , so may 1st was my best date to open .  do you know , what is the date before the opening ?  like , how long it will take to prepare the whole thing to open ?  like do you have to do renovation right ?  so the store has to fix for awhile .  right , right .  do you know how long that will take ?  did it say here ?  did it say here ?  i don 't think it does .i don 't know how long .  i guess it depends on how many people we have renovating .  i mean , the maximum latest i can open by maybe august 1st .  how about like we can  i can do some advertisement for you .  maybe we can put some papers outside the store and then they can preorder , something like that .  would you consider july 1st ?  july 1st ?  yeah .  how long is it taking ?  i mean , i don 't know how much time it takes to train the customer service people .  how about this ?  if we open at july 1st , maybe i'll share some of my experience with you so that mmm you can help to train the i mean the people to help the storebecause we are going to share the same space anyways .  i guess i would train your people if that would make it so you can open july 1st .  if better customer service they have , i mean , we have , the more people will come , so that will also benefit the wine store .  right , okay , i can take that , so is july 1st okay then ?  mmhmm .  okay!let 's see that 's it!we're good!i don 't know how to stop it .i don 't want to erase .  hello ?  we're done!we're good!how many points did i get ?  umm. .  how many points did i get ?  alright .  martin , right ?  right .  okay , so what 's your most pressing issue here ?  basically , start talking about work hours of operation .  sure .  now , you're doing , you're doing the liquor store , so or the wine shopand i know that definitely your clientele want it open later at night , right ?  yeah .  yeah , so i'm willing to budge a little bit on that , because i know that i mean , i'm going to , i have my people , you know , coming in to eat breakfast early in the morning but i know that a lot of people buy foods later on at night .  so what were you looking at ?  mmm how about we start operation at 10:30 ?  ooof , that 's a bit latebecause a lot of my customers are coming in at , you know , at like 6:30 , 7:30 in the morning .  so i was looking at if it could be between 7or 8:30 .  excuse me i ..don 't think i can go 10:30 .  7 , you mean 7:30 ?  i think 7:30 would probably be better for me .  but , but , people tend , tend tobuy things in the evenings also .  yeah , but it' still , the thing is i still have a lot of people coming in during the morning .  wine , mmm , but for us , we sell wine .  people tend to come after their work , even after they finish their dinner , so they will come very late .  if we close at 7:30 then we will lost a lot of customers also .  i understandbut we're i 'd be cutting at that whole early market if i do it that way .  how about 9:30 ?  well , that 's even pushing it for me .  i think 8:30 will be more accruable .  i mean , that 's right in the middle .  8:30 , vast majority of people i figure have done their jobs by then .  mmm , okay , so , okay can you do 8:30 ?  i think  i can do 8:30 as well , that 's not a problem .  let me mark that off here .  the ren see the renovation costs , i don 't  know what yours says , how much are you looking to spend for that ?  for us , we tend to spend , we would like to spend more money on the renovationso that we can keep our image i think this is also important for you .  i'll tell you that .  that 's doable but in terms of if we're let 's leave renovation costs because that 's gotta be let 's talk about something else .  so renovation costs and floor space should be taken into account .  now..we  in terms of floor space , i've done a bit of analyses here and it looks like..i'm going to need most of the store .  i'm probably i think i need about 60% of the store for floor space for me to spend any money .  if i could do that , i could go higher , i could definitely give you more money on the renovation cost .  mmm , so you prefer having 60% of the floor space ?  i prefer having if i had 60% of the floor space , i mean , how much were you looking for renovation cost ?  our investigation says that higher the renovation cost , the better the customers .  tend to spend $30 , 000 on renovation .  for the floor space , if you're eager to take 60% , and then it 's okay for us to take 30% .  no much for this thing , how about 25 ?  it 's only a 5 grand differencei understand you're coming up with a lot of money .  that 's a lot .  i think i have compromised with you about hours of operationbecause this renovation cost is quite important for us .  i know but in terms of hours of operation , it 's not even a compromise .  i'm losing , i'm losing exact same amount of money from the top and from the bottom , and i'm right in the middle for that , and i figure if you that 's not even a compromisation .  your first offer was 7:30am and mine was 10:30am , now it 's 8:30 , so now it 's closer to yours than mine .  no , it 's exactly two hours from each of our offerscause , my best , i wanted 6:30 actuallybut i didn 't even suggest that and that 's two hours from you and two hours from me .  mmm 8:30 is directly in the middle .  how about if we talk about some other sure .  we'll come back , hey , we'll come back to that .  what else you got ?  how about we talk about temperature of the store .  mmmhmm .  the temperature is very important for us to keep the wine in the , in the best , in the best .  so , we prefer the temperature to be as low as possible .  probably 65 degrees .  ooodon 't you have coolers for that type of stuff though ?  sorry ?  you guys have coolers for that type of stuff , wine .  wine .  mmm but we when the customer comes , they won 't shop in our cooler .  they will shop in wine shop so it works the other way around for us .  we're the vast majority of our food here is perishable it keeps at 73 degrees .  but i understand that probably i understand that 's a bit warm for you though .  is it make a difference if you keep the in the cooler .  i think for how do you say that you know , mine is very sensitive to the temperature .  no , absolutely .  so if you if temperature is not cold enough then i think it is not acceptable for us .  that 's understandable but if i give you 65 degrees , i mean , that 's a whole i don 't know what it says on yours but i lost a whole lot of points there .  how about 67 degrees ?  that 's a bit cold , but i tell you what .  i'll give you 67 if can do 60% floor space .  if i can do 60% of the floor space , i'll do 67 degrees for you , i think that would be good .  mmm , okay then that 's compromise .  we get the 67 degrees and you will get 60% floor space .  that 's fair , i understand that you're wine , you know .  alright , let 's see .  so we have grand opening date and the renovation costs .  what 's the minimum you 'd like to spend on the renovation cost ?  we prefer as much as possiblebut we also understand that you may not want that much .  mmm also can we talk about grand opening date first ?  when , which date do you prefer ?  ideally , septemberbut i don 't think you're going to give me september .  cause i really the later if we get it in september , the thing is that we have more of a chance to train , according to this anyway .  if it 's september , it 's the optimal time for me because the later the better , i'll be able to train people so they'll be , they'll run the place more effectively .  but i bet you probably okay so do you .is august 1st still good for you ?  i could do august 1st , yeah .  if we if you can spend $30 , 000 for the renovation cost , could we open ...  could have the grand opening at august 1st ?  how about if we did .would you be adverse to doing 20or 25 , 000 instead ?  mmm i mean , it 's only $5000 , it 's only a 5 grand difference .  i hope you can understand , but because most of our customers they are willing to spend a lot of money on buying wine and they really appreciate shopping in very nice place .  if we don 't we think in the long term we can earn the money back .  i understand , but in my half of the store , from what i said earlier , i don 't even need that much .  i only need $10 , 000 .  so me 25 grand , we spending 30 , 000 is a huge waste of money .  but i understand where you're coming from .  let 's see what this says , hold on , because i .  how about we okay .how about 25 , 000 ?  25 , 000 i can do because i understand your store probably if i , if we spend 25 , 000 , i will let the grand opening a bit early .  it 's good ?  like august 1st ?  or july ?  july is too , that 's too early for me .  i'm not going to have my people trained in time .  i can do 25 grand and august 1stbecause i mean we both yield on that one .  okay .  deal ?  deal .  perfect!alright .  so you're from the ye olde wine shoppe ?  yes .  you have some wine that your going to , your going to sell in the new shop ?  yes i have some good wineand also i should have i should have a larger market because customers like this wine .  so now and we have some very wonderful bread products as well .  pastries and loafs of bread ...  yeah .  yes that 's actually , maybe we can work together .  yes i think that 's a great idea .  yes i think that people who are shopping for my products will probably yeah .  people that come to buy my wine also they should buy some food from you .  you know ?  so maybe we can cooperate with each other .  yes i hope so .  what 's the most important issue for you ?  for me ?  for my business i think i 'd prefer to long my business operations date , and maybe like .  later is much better for me .  i can see that it would be better for you to start your wine later .  i see that just like 10 .  maybe i can start at 10:30 am to finish at 10: 30 pm .  well , you understand that my customers would want to buy products in the morning .  they want to buy pastries on their way to work , and a cup of coffee , and a bagel perhaps .  so i was hoping to have the opening at 6:30 am and close at 6:30 .  yeah .  but i think that 6:30 is little early .  you know ?  even some people , maybe they have one , one or two pie at the early morning .  but maybe yeah looks like your closing is also too early .  thirty , 6:30 is a little bit because always .  i guess you can i can understand that 's bad for the wine busines some people maybe always they want to do some shopping at the night .  because they have no more time at the morning .  this is true , this is true .  it 's also for you is much later .  you know .  it 's true , it 's true .  some people don 't like to wake up at the early morning .  to buy their wine early in the morning ?  yeah .  because they go to work .  and maybe they like to go work .  maybe they want to go back in the morning , the night they have more time .  so they can enjoy .  yeah they can come home and purchase the wine on the way home from work .  and then buy their wine and come home to dinner .  yes .  i think that this could work yes maybe we can work maybe like we can work , like 9:30 .  should be fine .  9:30 am ?  yeah i think most people will already be at work at 9:30 .  i think people like to come in and get their coffee and get their bagel before they get to work .  and i think with traffic the way it is and people have to catch the metro early , i think i think 7:30 am is better .  but , 7:30 , yes the areas but actually want i think  for its easier .  according my knowledge , my knowledge in the business area , i think early morning most the people they don 't buy , they don 't just buy some food at the morning .  they like to buy some food at night .  i think they go i agree .  i think we'll be okay i think should they come tommorow morning. .  i think we'll be okay , i think our bread business will be ok .  i think people will come home after , come home , and come to the shop after work and purchase a loaf of bread for the dinner , dinner that night .  but i am worried about the pastries , that side of the business .  i'm worried about the bagels , and the , you know , the  donuts , the donuts in the morning .  but , that 's i think , people they i always say at the breakfast they need to go quickly .  they always know a lot of food they eat .  always , maybe they just , some people they don 't buy anything .  they just go directly to coffee because they sleep .  you know. .  so maybe tack itit 's true .  it 's trueso maybe they get up 7:30 .  and then they don 't go to buy some shopping some people given some people they want but have you , have you seen the lines of starbucks or the coffee shop at 7:30 in the morning ?  coffee shops , yes , some coffee shop but actually .  they maybe can buy coffee at their office building .  because they don 't have no more time to enjoy .  but actually , at night they have , go there and buy coffee , maybe take their convience , enjoy and have a longer time to enjoy .  so maybe but people definitely want their pastries in the morning .  i think 7:30 , i think 7:30 is where we need to split it .  7:30 to 7:30 .  but 7:30 is too , i think , actually most business should be at  the afternoon , even for your , for your food .  always they have to work maybe 5  and then they will go shopping .  they spend a lot yes there 's plenty of time until 7:30 .  also they go shopping therefore there here .  always they can prepare for their breakfast .  so that is , you know difficult on the morning .  they have no little time , even if they buy something in the morning it is a very small amount of food .  what ?  in the morning or the evening ?  they don 't .  yeah in the morning , because they have no more time to enjoy food .  but our , our , but our profits , our profits on pastries .  our profit margin on the pastries and the coffee are very high .  that 's why i want to have it open early in the morning .  are you , are you willing , are you ...    but actually are you willing to go 7:30 ?  7:30 ?  for me ?  i think 7:30 is too , too some little early because well let 's move on , let move on and discuss something else .  maybe we can come to a trade off .  maybe , yeah , maybe we can , you can choose between just 9:30 and or well , we got some renovations to make , right ?  the shop is not looking to good these days .  yes .  but i also think that early night .  early night is also out for your business .  just after 5 .  so what time ?  after 6  , i think people will go shopping and also maybe they can i think after 6 pm people are coming out after work .  after 6  because they are off work , yes .  they got an hour and a half , they got from 6 to 7:30 .  yes .  i think after the 5 , 6 , 5 or 6  they would go shopping and i think you should just give them at night , at night one hours is too short .  but if we go to 8:30 , there is no time at all for them to purchase the coffee .  they 'd have to get to work at 9 , there going to be on the road at 8:30 .  so for , 8:30 , i think , always some people they , they come back early , maybe early , maybe they have some work , some work to do .  so they so go your shopping maybe like 7  , they can go from shopping and then back , and always i think most of people i think most people go back to sleep at night maybe 11  .  you know , most people go to sleepy at 11 .  grocery , so you understand , i 'm concerned about the early morning business , the early morning .  because i have bagels and i have pastries , i have strudels in the morning .  i also wanted to some out of the morning to buy some food .  i found a few people to buy food at the early morning .  always they maybe , at noon there is always business because they have want for lunch .  and also night , yes , there is also a lot of business .  for wine for you .  for wine for you its okay because some people they don 't cook by at home .  so they buy at night , they go to your store for bread , for bread , it 's for dinner .  yeah .  yeah. .  your store .  at the noon grocery , were going to miss , were going to miss out on a great deal of business in the morning .  so , but , yeah , but actually , it 's a percent of your business for the early morning .  for the early morning i think maybe this ten percent .  so your ten percent grocery , from what i can , what i cant tell you its probably more like thirty , thirtyfive percent .  so ten percent , just ten percent maybe is a long distance .  no .  i can tell you there 's is a significant , theres more then ten percent difference .  are you are you why don 't we see where we stand on the next , on the next issue .  we can then come back wine , the next issue for me is we have a lot of renovations to do .  okay .  we can move to next issue .  yes .  let 's move to the next one .  we can come back to this first one later .  we'll , like , we'll come back .  wine , okay .  i'll confess then i want to spend about ten thousand dollars .  i don 't want to spend a lot of money on renovations .  wine , ten thousand dollars , i think , if you'r just ten thousand you'll stop shopping , to general it will be fine so , some peopleit will be fine hold on , some people wont come in , they'll say it 's too common .  so they don 't grocery , so you think they won 't like it ?  not attractive for them .  not attractive .  well , as long  our products are good .  perhaps the surrounding no , no they don 't know .  we have to make the renovation part of your coffee or your some special food .  so they can see its very interesting , oh this is no joke .  otherwise i just don 't think , so i think the products are more important then the way the shop looks .  how much do you want to spend ?  how much ?  i think for me , i think more spending is much better .  but , consider your sitation , maybe i think twentyfive twentyfive ?  yes twentyfive thousand , maybe we can be negotiate twenty five thousand .  grocery , well , i only wanted to spend ten thousand .  i 'd be willing to ah ten thousand i 'd be , i 'd be willing , i 'd be willing to increase it .  what about 15 , 000 thousand .  i've increased mine by 15% .  15 thousands is 15 what are you willing ?  what are you willing to ?  i think 25 i can get .  25 ?  i can go as high as 20 , i can double the renovation .  you want to go higher ?  i can double for ten to twenty .  that 's significant .  i can double what i offered .  wine , well , but your not , for my business because i want to attract some special customer .  they like the shopping center , a shopping place is more comfortable , more happiness for them .  you know so ?  yea .  i see .  you know so ?  i see .  that 's why i'm willing to go to twenty .  twenty thousand .  twenty thousand .  i'm willing to go to twenty thousand .  but , twenty thousand , for me , is still , it 's , maybe we can talk in fact one more time .  one more time .  let 's move fast , let 's move on .  how much floor space are you hoping to have ?  floor place how much floor space do you need for your wines and your liquors ?  i just wanted to know how much space you need .  i need , i think  i need 60% .  i've looked at the rent , the rent is a certain amount , and i've looked at how much space i need for the groceries but , for your 60 percent .  i think , for your , i think for you 30 60 percent for me and 40 percent for you .  30 percent .  60 , 40 .  how much for you ?  60 percent for my products , for my breads , for my pastries .  for your like space .  that 's right ?  yes i want more space .  okay .  that 's what i can accept .  you can accept 60 percent ?  yeah .i just , because , for my wine i just have 40% for me space is neededthat 's acceptable ?  yeah .  well , that 's fine .  okay , let 's , let 's agree on that .  let 's agree .  we can move up .  we'll take , i'll take sixty percent .  yes .  you can take sixty percent .  i'm happy with that .  there you go .  very good .  alright .  and again temperature .  what do you because you know i sell special food .  just wine need to be at low temperature i was worried about this one .  but also for your food , you have some table with some apple or some fruit or what where .  want to sell. .  we'll we mostly sell breads. .  and breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , they get hard and unattractiveand breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , i was hoping to put the temperature at 73 degrees .  and breads are happy at a higher temperature .  they get to cold , but i was worried about this because i know that wine requires a lower temperatures   yes 70 is too , too high it may be too hot .  i could 't afford this one .  so for me , it 's like it like , 67 degree should be fine .  67 is good for wine .  yeah for wine .  but actually i want .  67 is pretty cold .  i mean i keep , i keep my house at about 68 and that 's fairly cold , too cold for breads .  wine , no , no .  yeah , for your bread but you should also have other fruit you want to sell .  but we can get a small refridgerator for that .  we need a refrigderator .  we need to keep the breads at room , at a , at a reasonably room temperature .  something like 70 degrees .  nah .  70 is still high because i have always , i always some special affinity for my special wine .  but actually , for refridgerating the wine , i think maybe keep it like at , 67or 69 .  i 'd be willing to accept 69 .  yeah but 69 , that could face .  but i think maybe we , if you can 69 but 69 is a little bit , if you can only give me 67 is much better .  two , even just two degrees lower two degrees is significant .  but two , but two degrees is more significant for my wine .  but for your bread maybe it is no much problem .  you know bread , even you bread you can also store in the refridgerator to keep your bread fresh .  but you , but your bread , you also have a microwave because some people but the customers who come in and buy the bread they want it to be warm and soft .  they like it to be soft wine , so your softer .  we can have , buy one just microwave .  a microwave ?  i don 't know .  yeah , yeah , that is reason they have ...  no our customers , we know our customers they don 't want to microwave .  no , no , no .  they want to hot bread .  you know ?  they don 't want it that hot .  no .  they want it hot .  they want it at a regular temperature .  maybe a nice warm bread , they don 't want hot bread .  they like it to be soft no microwave .  wine , and also they want to some because they don 't eat .  they don 't eat now they want to bring back to your office .  if they have it at high temperature that wont .  yeah i think 67 for your bread is no much problem .  i can 't go lower 69 .  67!they want to go to home or back to office .  maybe outside temperature is much higher then our store .  so that 's perfect .  grocery , you want to pay all these airconditioning fees ?  is that , i mean , when we need to talk about the airconditioning fees too .  to keep the entire building at 67 degrees is going to be expensive .  i think that air conditioning is fine but okay you're , you're an consdiration , your limit is .  is expensive for you ?  airconditioning ?  airconditioning is expensive .  yes , yes , yes .  and 67 is significant cooler then 69 degrees when it comes to airconditioning .  yeah .  that 's one we can put aside .  if your , i think we can the last one .  want to see where we stand on the grand opening date .  yea .  the grand opening date for me is .  where do you stand ?  i think june 1st i can accept .  june 1rst .  yeah , this is my borderlinebecause i want to open early .  it 's important .  grocery , well for me it 's important to open laterbecause i have some private , i have some special breads from europe so when is your  that i need to import .  okay .  so when is your september 1rst .  i can go , i want to open late , as late as possible .  wine , i can , i can accept this , just like , if you can july 1rst okay .  you , if you , i can accept the july .  you , grocery , you give me a month to go to july 1rst .  july 1rst but if you can go some on temperature .  i can not accept , we can exchange .  an exchange .  you , i can accept july 1rst and you give me low temperature like 67 .  i can accept that .  67too low it 's so low .  too low ?  what about august , what if we went to august 1st and what if we went to august 1st and i gave you your 8:30 ?  8:30 okay i can what if i gave you 8:30 and then you give me august 1rst ?  because i need to come i can accept 8:30 but  if you can accept 67 and 9:30 , okay ?  grocery , 9:30 ?  yeah .  9:30 am .  9:30 opening ?  9:30 amno we talked about 8:30 am .  8:30 is a little grocery , we talked about 8:30 .  it 's plenty of time .  too early , too early i always the people buying wine they no , no , no .  because for my wine always they want people buy also maybe later of the morning and then later of the night .  that 's it for me .  so , 9:30 i can accept that and i can accept the july 1rst .  july 1rst ?  no , no .  august 1rst , august 1rst .  okay august 1rst i can accept .  you want august 1 and 8:30 .  8:30 if you can accept that .  another is ...  8:30 ?  august 1rst and 8:30 ?  9:309:30 ?  9.30 no one will be able to come in for our pastries .  at 8:30 we may get the late crowd .  what if ?  how much do you want for renovation cost , 25 , 000 ?  are you still standing on that 25 , 000 ?  ...  i'll give you 25 , 000 for renovation costs .  25 , 000 to the if you give me 8:30 and august 1rst .  8:30 is too , too , for me .  yes half of my business will go , you know .  i want to not be open early .  because most people come in the afternoon and the night .  but your , but your .  that 's well into the evening .  that 's well into the night .  wine , 8:30 pm closing is too early .  you know some people it 's too early ?  drink .  always they at the later , late of the night .  you could 't want 8:30 to ...  maybe the students at the school , you know .  because they sell special wine .  just for the , for the customers is no students .  i know that 's what i'm saying .  i know students don 't shop .  wine , we always have business people .  you know , business people .  business people who business people always come in all the time .  they couldn 't come later .  grocery , after 8:30 .  you know , for me , most of my business is is for long after 6 .  started , maybe just 20 percent of business maybe at noon , at the , at the day time .  at the night time after 6pm , i can do my business .  and you have two and a half hours till 8:30 .  but .  just two hours can 't be , you know .  two hours of business is too it 's not enough ?  you know wine always is too no , no i couldn 't afford .  even i couldn 't run my business , you know .  i can get a package for you 9:30 is my bottomline .  well , what if we made a compromise in temperature .  what if temperature i can ?  what if i give you your 67 degrees temperature for me .  i give you your 25 thousand in renovations .  for me .  which one ?  i give you 25 thousand for renovations and 67 in temperaure .  and you give me august 1rst , august 1rst and 8:30 .  and you give me august 1rst ,  , august 1rst , 8:30 , 25 , 000 and 67 degrees .  and you give me august 1rst , you can have your temperature august 1rst , i can accept that .  but you give me 67 degree .  grocery , i'll give you 67 degrees .  i'll give you 25 thousand dollars .  i need the 8:30because i won 't have any business in the morning .  8:30 i couldn 't accept .  i can 't i feel that i wont have any business .  8:30 for me , i just have two hours at night .  but i will have no morning , i'll have no business in the morning .  30 percent of my business in the morning will be cut off .  no i think for your , your other morning .  i think your just have 10 , 10 percent business at the early morning .  even your going to have business no .  i'm telling you 30 percent .  30 percent .  no , no 30 percent because those are my numbers .  my numbers say 30% .  no , no .  for me , i think because at the day time just twenty percent .  i just have business at 20 percent at the night , day time .  at this my borderline should be 9:309:30 ?  i'll have no business in the morning .  no business .  too early .  that 's it to me its to earlyit 's too lateat the day time , i can close store i have no business .  my wine business is always after 6  .  atleast after 6  people come back so they buy the , come back and buy wine .  there is not much time left , there is not much time left. .  what if you give me a higher temperature and give me 9:30 .  what if you give me 71 degrees and i will give you 9:30 .  9:30 am in exchange for 71 degrees .  i can accept 69 .  69 and you give me 9:30 .  that 's we can , i can accept .  would you give me august 1rst ?  yeah i can give you august .  oh yeah .  that we can make a deal .  will  you give me 20 thousand on the renovations ?  yeah .  20 thousand .  you really want the 9:30 ?  so we can make a deal ?  so let 's say 9:30 20 thousand 69 and august .  yeah .  that 's fine right there .  okay .  thank you .  thank youokay , well we have 5 things to talk about , so we gotta figure out do you want to start talking about all of them at once or maybe one at a time ?  well , why don 't we do one at a time and then we can go back to the ones that we're still having trouble with and then we can figure out what to do from there .  sure , okay .  well , i think we gotta start off with hours , i mean , you know , i really okay , let me flip to that .  i really need to be open pretty late , i mean , people how late ?  well , 10:30 would be great .  can i tell you something ?  what ?  well in this situation , i'm staring at exactly the opposite end .  so , you know what i need right ?  well , you know , what sort of offer would you i mean , you knowi've gotta have it open late at night , that 's when people buy wine .  honestly , i'll be willing to i will prefer sometime between 6:30 opening to 8:30 opening but those are the ones most acceptable to me .  probably the 8:30 will be the one that i will offer as the concession if such a situation because it 's in between the hours .  i'm , and of course , i probably , i might be able to offer you concession on one issue and then if you offer me something on another issue , if you want to do that .  well , i mean the issue that i really , you know , is the whole idea of how much to put in for renovation .  let 's just make sure of something .  is it for every issue that we're doing , like what 's the ideal for you is i'm the opposite and not directly opposed is ideal for me , you know what i mean ?  well , i think that 's  that may well be , i don 't know , i suspect , you know .  that very well may be .  but you know , in other words , you well , i think if we want to be honest we shouldn 't consider the time or what place it is , we should probably consider how many points that we're conceding or not conceding if you want to do that .  you know what i mean ?  what do you think about ?  well , you know , i would say that the issue of renovation would be the one that 's most important to me .  okay , so for renovation , for renovation , how much would you like to spend for renovation ?  $30 , 000.00 mmm , what if i offer $20 , 000 ?  well for me , ideally , 10 , 000 is bestbut what if i offer you 20 , 000 , would you be willing to consider that ?  well , if the goal of this was to get something in the middle of , you  know , i 'd be willing to open at 8:30 if i can get $25 , 000 for renovation .  open at 8:30 and 25 let me see .  hmm , what about other issues also ?  well , what would you do for floor space ?  floor space , i think i 'd like to start off proposing 70% for me and in that case , i'll be willing to .let me take a look .  if floor space , you give me 70% , i'll be willing to do 8:30 for the opening time i think .  actually , let me see .  that might be a good idea .  if i offered you 20 , 000 for renovation , if i was willing to do 8:30 but floor space you offered me 70% , and temperature , if you offer me 71 degrees , but grand opening date maybe be july 1st .  i'll prefer it to be august 1st but i'll be willing to take july 1st for opening date .  wine , well i mean , for me though , renovation and temperature is sort of more important , i mean .  so those are the two most important for you .  for me , the two most important issues are hours of operation and grand opening date .  so what i suspect here is that even though we're doing the same thing , we have different numbers .  like your numbers are probably more heavily concentrated on what is important to you and then in that instance , i should concede to you on what 's more important to you which is less important to me , and if you can conceded on what is more important to me and less important for you .  well okay , what 's most important for me are , is the renovation and hours of operationthose are the ones where .getting a later hour of operation and getting more money for renovation is well hours of operation is the second most important issue to me .  well , if you were willing to make a concession on the grand opening date , i'll probably be willing to make a concession on hours of operation .  i wouldn 't need the grand opening date to be september 1st but see if it was august 1st that would still seem pretty good to me .  but it doesn 't hurt you a lot to have it on september 1st but it would help me a lot by the number .  i would be willing to do september the 1st if you're willing to do 9:30 to 9:30 .  mmm let me see .  9:30 to 9:30 ?  how about this ?  if we do september 1st , if we do also 8:30 to 8:30 , i offer you the 20 , 000 for renovation and we can reach some middle ground on the temperature and maybe the floor space if that is alright i'm still a little little bit reluctant to concede on hours of operation to that extent .  you know , i still get some value but it 's significantly lesser than possible .  i think it'll be fair if we settle on the 8:30 to 8:30 .  yeah , okay , if i get 25 , 000 for ...  okay , 25 , 000 on renovation cost , i'll be okay with that if we go september 1st and 8:30 to 8:30 .  okay , okay .  so it looks like we worked out a couple of those , now at least two more .  what about floor space , like , what 's ideal for you or ?  well , i mean , ideally 60/40 40% is better than anything else .  so you like 40 for floor space right ?  that 's fine with me , i have no problem with that .  okay .  what about temperature ?  temperature , 65 ?  mmm , ideally for me , it should be at , ideally for me , if i wanted it to favor me more , it'll probably be 73but i'm willing to compromise to make it 69 .  let me add the points right now , do you mind ?  let 's see , mmhmm .  8:30 , 25 , 40% ...  i'm going to see what my points would be if i agreed to your offer , like , so mmm .  actually , 67 degrees , if i compromised there , would you be willing to accept everything else ?  well , you mean 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40% for me , september 1st , okay .  67 degrees , making a concession for you .  okay , that 's fine .  i i don 't do too badly if that 's the case .  okay , i i think , i think we can agree on that .  okay .  alright .  well , i guess we shake hands and knock the door .  i didn 't want to be very you know ?  right , you're not supposed to .  so she 's just going to look at the recorder .  hi , how are you doing ?  good how are you ?  good , so do you wanna start ?  yeah maybe start with what we like most , or however you wanna start ?  grocery , um yeah that 's good .  yeah um do you wanna go first ?  no you can go .  okay , one of the most important things for me is getting the renovation done as nicely as possible .  and i really like to put some money into that .  okay so what do you propose on that ?  about 30 thousand ?  okay , i don 't like that .  my part is only for the grocery , i think 30 , 000 is too much for me .  what do you counter propose ?  i would say 15 .  wow we're pretty far off on that one .  yeah .  um , okay so do you wanna maybe go on to another oneand there could be like a tradeoff where we spend more on this more of something else .  sure .  um the next most important thing for me is hours of operation .  uh huh yeah that 's important to me too , cuz i know umm my part is grocery so i want to serve customers earlier but for you i guess you wanna serve customers later .  yes i do .  right , cuz when i read the questionnaire i know this will be a different issue between us .  but i would say i don 't want to go for the best of your part and the best of my part .  i would rather choose some point in between .  wine , what 's your best case ?  the best case for me , i would say is 7:30 am to 7:30 pm , but i could do a little bit better for you .  my best is from 10:30 to 10:30 , so it sounds like if we compromise on this one cuz i was thinking i 'd be pretty willing to automatically go from 9:30 to 9:30 .  much less than that i lose out on much of the party crowd .  what about 8:30 to 8:30because when i told you from 7:30 to 7:30 i have automatically degrade myself .  my best part is 6:30but i know that 's not possible for you .  right , 6:30 you would lose out on the crowd coming out of work .  and you would lose out on that crowd too coming out of work .  right , so what about , let 's choose in between 8:30 to 8:30 ?  let 's start that and maybe come back to that depending on how everything else goes ?  okay .  what 's the next most important thing for you ?  the grand opening date .  i would prefer september 1stbecause i need to order some stuff from overseas and that 's lonely time .  so i have to the later the better .  um , you know i..as you already figured out would prefer an earlier date .  but this issue is not as important to me as the temperature .  i would really like the temperature to be kept low for my wine .  uh huh , so what do you propose ?  so i would give up something for the grand opening date in order to get the temperature done around 65 degrees .  then if its 65 , then i prefer september 1st .  i 'd take that .  okay , sure!great .  okay well that one was easy .  uh huh .  so that comes down to floor space .  floor space .  how much floor space do you want ?  well according to the chart i would say 60 percent but i would beautiful!really ?  if you want 60 percent , 40 percent is what i want .  that 's great , that 's great .  okay good , so we have 3 of them solved .  right .  that comes back to renovation costs .  yes .  renovation cost is my most important issue , was it your most important issue also or not ?  no , so i can do at best 20 , 000 .  is it okay ?  um .  cuz i can 't go further .  right because for me i might be willing to go 7:30 to 7:30 pm if we could up that to 25 , 000 .  alright .  you'll do that ?  yeah .  wow .  we are done right ?  i think so , let me just look at how i did , because we may need to renegotiate .  grocery , haha , yeah .  i'm okay with what i have , that worked out .  me too , me too .  do you want see if there 's any more optimal solutions since we finished so early ?  um yeah .  because there was something it made me , ya know in order of importance for me , it goes renovation cost , hours of operation , temperature , floor space , grand opening date .  and then for me its grand opening date , and then hours of operation , and then temperature , floor space and renovation cost .  so renovation cost is totally one that you're easy to give up on .  so that was a good tradeoff .  yeah .  grand opening date , if i was gonna trade something off that was good for me because temperature was important to me .  um you know i think we probably. .  finished .  i think we probably maximized it for both of us .  really .  that 's what i suspect , because in the long run .  if this relationship is gonna work we both have to feel like  we got enough out of it .  that 's good , very good .  it 's even better then what i expect .  because we both are happy .  mine is better than my midway point .  , restit 's not fantastic but it 's not bad .  me too .  as far as yeah , um. .  there 's no argument or something you know ?  if you were gonna get if i were to up my points drastically someplace , the thing that would up my points a lot would be to um .would be to spend more on renovationbut that would decrease your points i'm guessing .  ,  , wait renovation is your 5th most important ?  yeah , my last one but i have still have at least something because to agree on temperature i get zero points on that .  yeah and i got zero points on grand opening date .  but here 's the question .  i could improve my score a little bit , by spending an extra five thousand on  renovation cost but opening up an hour earlier and closing an hour earlier .  what do you mean ?  what we agreed to was 8:30am to 8:30pm .  730 to 730 is what you said down there .  oh no i said..i thought we agreed to 8:30 to 8:30 .  oh did we agreed to 7:30 ?  yeah because you said this way , in this way you can umm. .  right i get the 25 , 000 , so if i did the 6:30 to 6:30 but we spend 30 thousand on renovation costs that would get me a few more points .  say it again please .  if we opened up at 6:30 to 6:30 but spend more on renovation that would increase my points score .  would that increase your points score ?  yes , so you say 6:30 and then 30k , also then 60 percent , 65 degrees and then september 1st .  that 's good to me .  that gets me , yep , that improves my point score a little bit .  let 's see if there 's anything else that might improve our points scores .  i don 't think so .  cuz we kind of go for the extreme case .  we did go for the extreme case to improve our points score .  because i got my highest on the things that were 3 , 4 , 5 to you .  and me too , yes , yes .  okay then , so uhh do you want to just uh so i'll sort of , i'll give you my first proposal and see if its matches with what you want to do .  is that how you want to do it or do you want to go item by item ?  umm .  okay , first. .  first one ?  okay so my proposal is i think will work for both us is i like to have the hours of operation 10:30 in the morning til 10:30 in the night .  i think that would be good time to get people that are shopping for lunch and shopping for dinner and so forth .  and then i think we need to do is renovation of this place , we gotta put up a good front to attract people .  so i think we should go with 30 , 000 dollars .  30 renovation , then i was thinking maybe i 'd take about 30 percent of the spot .  i mean the wine doesn 't take up that much room and i'm sure you have more stuff that you need to spread out since you have much more of a variety of grocery stuff than i do with wine .  and i'm thinking maybe to have 65 degrees as the temperature helps keep the wine cool and tasting good .  i'm sure it'll help you too with keeping fruit outside .  i'm thinking maybe we open around july 1st would work really well for me .  so umm , so what do you think ?  so , we have a big difference between us .  first , the hours of operation you think 10:30 to 10:30 .  i sell coffee and specialty pastries and i have breakfast itemsso the earlier i open the store the better .  i didn 't think about that .  if i open at 10:30 , i don 't sell well .  how bout 6:30 ?  so i don 't know , its too early to close i meani have to see other people who come after work and buy wine for the evening , they need to buy that too .  maybe we can just split this right down the middle and do 8:30 to 8:30 .  umm equal arguments both ways .  well , sounds good .  sounds good ?  okay .  i think the renovation costs 30 , 000 is too high for me .  renovation cost. .  what would you like to see ?  i couldn 't spend more then , i couldn 't spend more than 10 , 000 .  10 , 000 ?  we gotta make the place look nice , i mean we gotta attract customers , 10 , 000 is way too. .  i don 't need my place to be so fancy .  but i can 't bring customers in later on if you put some money down upfront you'll make a first impression .  you can 't go back on first impressions .  you need to put money down and attract the people who want to buy stuff from you .  30 , 000 would be impossible for me. .  impossible ?  okay , how bout 25 , 000 ?  i'll start downhill , gotta make it look nice .  no ?  you think 5 , 000 , that doesn 't make a lot of difference .  gotta have the wide isles to have people walk down and pick up , be able to feel comfortable in the grocery store .  actually i don 't have to do that .  let 's skip that one and go to the next one for now .  so , floor space i was thinking 30 percent for me , i don 't have that much to display .  how about 40 percent for you and 60 percent for me .  i could work with that , sure .  okay .  that 's good , and what did you say about the temperature ?  i was thinking 65 would be good .  65 ?  keep it cool , the fruit stays doesn 't ripen too fast .  yeah .  that works ?  um , actually i don 't need such a lower temperaturecuz my products stay preserved well at a higher temperatures , so i would think about 73 degrees .  73 , oh that 's way too high for me .  i gotta keep my wine is my whole business here .  alcohol 's gotta stay cool so i can keep it , keeps it nice , keeps it flavoring .  i can 't go that , i can 't definitely go that high .  but you can put your wines in the fridge right ?  but that costs more money , the more i have in the fridge space i have the more money it costs to run .  okay , so you need the room temperature at 65 and you know i have 60 percent of the floor space , and it would cost a lot on the electricity .  wine , alright , so let 's go back and let 's link renovation cost and temperature since that seems to be our big ...  no let 's go to opening date .  is july 1st okay with you ?  july 1st ?  uhh , actually i think september the 1st will be better .  september!september , i gotta start making money man .  yeah , don 't you i have my wine .  don 't you need to train your employees ?  or something like that ?  i don 't need that , i'm selling wine .  not like i'm expecting a huge rush on my wine all of a sudden .  i have a few employees and they're all ready to go .  but i have to have some time to train my employees and make some provisions .  okay , alright , alright so let 's so alright so it seems we have problems with renovation costs , temperature and opening day .  okay let 's say i'll move the opening date back to september , but let 's do umm okay so here 's my offer .  i'll move the move in date back to september , and i'll give you a temperature of 67 degrees if you give me .renovation cost of 20 thousand .  umm , okay .  okay ?  i can accept that .  you can accept that ?  alright so , alright so you got 830 , we got 20 thousand renovation , i'll take 40 percent of floor space , 67 degrees , and september 1st .  uhh i think you said the temperature is 73 ?  73!i didn 't go that low .  okay so we still have problem .  okay , alright .  temperature grand opening day is september. .  but i gave you two months for grand opening day , two months my wine is gonna be sitting on the shelves not selling .  okay , how bout 69 ?  69 ?  well um how bout you give me yeah , just two degrees upyeah but these are two important degrees , let 's say alright how bout you give me , how bout can we move it back up to july 1st , and i'll put it down to 69 .  well you said we have agreed on september 1st .  it was sort of a package thing , i cant just put it down okay how bout august 1st and i'll give you 69 .  august 1st and i'll ask for 71 degrees .  71!good golly , alright this is looking tough .  i mean i came down 10 , 000 and on the renovation cost , i mean i really wanted the 30 thousand .  so come on , 67 degrees ?  alright 69 degrees and i'll give you september 1st , okay we'll do that .  is that okay ?  i can 't accept thatbecause i prefer the september the 1st and 67 .  67 ?  yeah , that 's better than the august 1st and 69 .  for me. .  so i'll say you didn 't want 67 september 1st , you wouldn 't accept that ?  no i would say i accept .  you'll accept that .  september 1st and 69 .  how bout ?  come on just two degrees up ummm , okay..sure .  sure , so. .  alright so yeah 8:30 , 20 , 000 40 percent for me 69 degrees and september 1st ?  yeah .  alright , sounds like we got a deal .  yeah .  we're done .  i guess we're done .  i think we need to answer questions afterwards , she saidalrighty , i was looking at this i think it would be pretty good to get together here and form business here .  yep , we should .  i have a few issues here;i think my big issues here are the hours of operation and renovation costs .  in terms of the hours of operation , we're going to be in dupont circle .  i mean we're talking metropolitan area this is not going to be people that will be waking up early in the morning .  these are people that will be working late .  they're either going to be coming home late or they're going to be cruising around town here .  i don 't see too much sense opening up the place up really early here .  i'm thinking the very earliest at 9 , 9:30 in the morning .  being able to stay open late , 9:30 at night when people are still around .  uh , frankly i 'd rather just open up at 10:30 and keep it open till 1030 .  i think that 's the way we should go on that .  uh huh , so that 's the most concern about the operational time for you ?  well , there 's that and i think it 's important to renovate the place here .  because if it doesn 't look that nice , especially in dupont circle , people just wont go in .   they're going to be looking for glitz and glamour and all that stuff .  they're going to want a nice little place here .  especially with the place like ours which is going to have your upscale groceries , my upscale liquors .  people see a crummy place , they're not going to be like ummm , they're not going to bother to look what 's in there .   they're going to look at dcor outside there .  that 's going to be their first time .  me i think it 's fair that we have money going into thisand opening early .  so the most concern for you is the operation hours and renovation cost .  correct .  okay , what i'm most concerned about is our opening datebecause i need some time to buy stuff and time to train our new employees .  so uh if i get more time it'll be more beneficial for my business .  so how bout let me think about it .  hmm i'm not really concerned about the renovation cost , i think we can get some point at this point .  i'm a little concerned about the operation hours because i'm running a grocery store .  so probably people will probably buy breakfast before they go to work .  but i mean do you think for an upscale place people will be going in to buy breakfast ?  i'm thinking they'll be coming in to buy groceries primarily for dinner , lunch , for lunch and dinner .  grab a cup of coffee ?  i don 't know .  i mean is that really what you want to aim for ?  like donuts and coffee ?  grocery , uh huh , probably .  that 's why i'm a little concerned so probably we'll have to discuss this first about operation hours .  okay .  in terms of floor space i was aiming for 40 percent .  for you or for me .  for me , i'm sorry .  you 'd get 40 percent ?  i 'd get 40 percent .  i get 60 percent that'll give you a little more .  that 's fine .  umm , temperature ideally i want 65 degreesbut i mean i will be a little more lenient .  frankly i think 65 degrees half the people in there are going to be freezing .  65so , i'm thinking i do need my lockers to be a little cool for my wine .  so what i'm aiming for here is 69 degrees .  on that , if that 's the case there it should be nice enough uh for my side .   i think on your side it might be a little chilly but i don 't think 69 , that 's typical thermostat for winter weather .  i think if its summer , they're not going to mind if it 's a little chilly in there .  i think 69 would be a really good compromise there .  i can understand why you 'd need a little bit lower temperature for your wine .  but 69 degree means i have to pay more electricity per month.because my stuff don 't need that temperature .  how about you pay a little more on decoration and i'll pay a little more on electricity .  because you know for me i think the space is good enough for me to open up a grocery store .   i don 't think there 's a need for me to decorate the place .  if we keep the temperature on 69 degree what 's your upper limit for cost of decorations .  i want to be the whole 30 thousand .  that 's what i'm aiming for .  you mean 30 thousand for me and 30 thousand for you ?  in terms of renovation , that 's what i was aiming for 30 , 000 renovation. .  grocery , because that 's a little too much for me , i have to be honest .  i don 't think there 's a need for me to spend that much on decorations .  for me i have to spend more on training employees so .umm how bout i pay 15 , 000 and we can keep the temperature on 69 degree .  do you think that 's fair ?  wine , tell you what , i'm willing to do willing to hike up the temperature up to 71 .  but i really want to spend some money into renovations here .   i think that 's important .  71 , let me think about it electricity .  and 20 , 000 , i pay 20 , 000 and 60 i still want the full 30 , 000 to be honest with you .  i think the more we throw there it will pay off in the end .   it might be expensive at first but i think in the long term that 's going to help us out .  uh huh .  30 , 000 wow , let me think about my budget ,  , it 's really too much for me , i have to be honest .  i really think that 's too much for my budget .  what 's your main concern about if we spend 30 , 000 in renovation ?  i have to tell you that i'm a little bit concerned about my tight budget .  because i have to pay more for my staff and especially for training the new employees .   i have to spend time and money on them .  wine , but i mean they're going to , in due time your going to have trained employees .  that 's no problem .  i think this is like a shortterm investment .  the 30 , 000 .  i agree it is a sacrifice for you but it 's going to be more of a sacrifice for you than me .  but i think in the long run that 's going to help out .  it 's going to make the place look more attractive .  and i think it 's going to help you out in the end too .  if i pay for 30 , 000 how bout we can .if we can save more on electricity on those stuff , probably i can try to pay 30 , 000 .  how bout we keep the temperature on 73 degree .  wine , tell you what why don 't we do .25 , 000 for renovation and then 71 for the temperature .  because i'm thinking we can either do 30 , 000 and do a full 73 temperature .  or we can do 25 , 000 and 71 .  that 's as far as i can go on that .  okay ?  which one would you go for ?  25 , 000 and 71 .  25 and 71 .  alright , that 's good .  um floor space i figure you got 40 percent and i got 60 percent and is it okay for you to open our new shop on september 1st ?  see that 's the thing .   i want to get this done as early as possible here .  i mean i understand you got training time , training time issues here .  so i mean we don 't want to open up may 1st here , but i mean , i would think a month should be plenty of time to train the new people here .  i'm thinking june 1st would be fine to open .  it seems we have pay so much in 25 , 000 and i pay 25 , 000 and for decorations .  do you think we should keep more time for that because we spend that much on decorations .  so probably we have more time to make sure everything 's all right for opening .  i mean i could understand that argument a little bit but uh i don 't see how decorations would really push the time off per se .  i don 't see how decorating would cost us time opening up .  because i've been thinking about for me i have to start planning everything after the decorations to put the stuff on the shelf and training the new employees to become familiar with everything .  and there 's just no way you can train at the same time your doing decorations .  that doesn 't seem like. .  you can i don 't know for me i definitely don 't want to work in a place there is under decorations .  there 's nails , i think that 's not good for yeah but i mean that 's just the way running a business ya know .  you got to deal with what you got there .  so for me i need more time for me i think more time for me to prepare better for my business .  obvious that won 't work for me .  why don 't we get back to the hours of operation .  do you really think , you think there 's going to be a breakfast crowd ?  you think there 's going to be people coming in for that ?  grocery , yeah , i'm owning the grocery store now , i mean , people do grab some coffees or donuts , something like that .  you got to understand here , i mean , people don 't go buying wine at 6:30 in the morning .  i understand , that 's true .  on the other hand and having a liquor store close at 6:30 , 7:30 at night .  that 's kind of a mood point .  i basically cut some of my business down to like saturdays and sundays .  so i obviously i like it as late as possible here .  i can understand that .  butalright , this is what i'm seeing here .  if we open up at 830 in the morning that should still get a good chunk of your breakfast crowd .  probably .  that should probably be enough time to get people into my store , i don 't think my clientele are exactly going to be the people going out making a late night run looking for liquor anyways .  so if we went for 8:30 in the morning to 8:30 in the evening .  i think that would be a way to compromise both your crowd for the breakfast people and my wine customers .  that sounds good .  alright .  the grand opening date i really prefer on september 1st to open .  i think that 's , that good for me to have time to prepare for that but hmm .  alright let 's say decorations take a month , if you work on training i think that would be a month tops there .  if we combined month for decorations and month for training that would push us back to july 1st .  i already got my wine and liquor ready i don 't really need too much training .  i'm willing to sit back for a little bit but i think july 1st would be the way to go for me .  i'm already holding back two months , i don 't see how that could really hurt you guys too much at this point , if we went for july 1st .  uh huh july 1st .  let me think if i could make it on time .  60 days prepare for the business .  is it possible for you to just give me 30 days more and open on august 1st ?  reluctantly so , but i'll go with it .  okay cool .  alright , great .  that was good .  okay .  okay .  hi , so for the hours of operation what is the best for you ?  the best for me would be from 1030am to 1030pm .  it would be totally opposite , right ?  yeah , probably .  mine is 630 to 630 .  okay , cuz your pm .  because i'm like a liquor wine store .  and i'm a grocery store .  yeah um .  should we go right in the middle ?  yeah , because i can do i mean if people are in there buying other stuff they may pick up wine or liquor or something later in the day .  i don 't know..but yeah , 830830 pm .  it is a grocery maybe if we focus on other points we can come back here .  yeah .  for now we'll just okay that 's fine .  for renovation cost , i umm for me the cheaper the better .  uh huh , and of course i think for me my maximum is , ideally i would like 30 thousand dollars for renovation .  yeah for me i would like 10 thousand .  and again , this is kind of more important then the hours of operation .  i mean i could go for 20 thousand .  yeah , okay .  if that 's okay .  yeah .  and then for floor space , ideally like 40 percent .  is good for you ?  yeah .  oh okay okay ideally it 's good for me .  wait , wait .  40 percent for you and 60 percent for you .  okay that 's good .  and then for temperature , we'll need it a little cooler for the wine .  65 degrees would be. .  for me 73 degrees is best .  i think depending on where i put stuff in the store , i think 69 degree would be okay and still be comfortable for people to walk around .  yeah i think so .  and then for the grand opening date , if may 1st would be the best okay .  june 1st wouldn 't be too bad either .  for me september 1st would be the best .  okay , so maybe , what about july then ?  okay .  we can compromise on that too .  umm so , 8:30 to 8:30 pm right ?  think then people would still be able to make it before work for like 9 .  yeah .  they 'd still be able to pick up stuff for dinner or for later in the evening .  yeah .  um , renovation cost 20 thousand and floor space having 60 percent for you is okay .  uh huh .  and the temperature at 69 degrees and the grand opening date being july 1st .  okay .  that 's okay ?  yeah .  hi , i'm copper .  i'm ping .  nice to meet you .  nice to meet you .  okaywhat would you like to do , i guess , what kind of a setup do you want ?  wine , on which issue ?  i 'd go step by step ?  it 's up to you , either way .  do you have a preference ?  um , i do not have any preference .  ok , do you wanna go step by step then ?  ok .  for the floor space , how much of the floor space do you want ?  ummm , let me think .  umm , i would want 40 percent of floor space , what do you think ?  um , i think that for all the food that i have , i think that would work if you have 40 percent and i have 60 percent .  that works for you ?  ok .  that works for me .  ok , so we agree on that; you have 40 percent and i have 60 percent .  alright .  what 's the next issue ?  what about the grand opening date , what do you think ?  for me it would be better if we had it later , so september would be good .  you think later is good ?  umm i want it to be early i hope it can be opened earlier is better .  how early ?  i hope it can be may 1st .  okay , why do you want it may 1st ?  because you know i have all the products , if opens early it 's better for me .  we can negotiate on this or we can just like i said we can negotiate .  is the opening date the most important to you ?  out of all of these , which is the most important to you ?  umm , this one is pretty important but i think what is for you ?  the opening date is probably the most important thing for me .  how about renovation costs; are they important for you ?  all of this is pretty much all the same  not too much difference .  okay , because the opening date is really important to me but the renovation costs is not as important .  then we talk about the renovation cost .  okay .  okay , how many cost is i would like to pay 10 thousand .  i think it 's too less .  it 's not enough ?  yeah , it 's not enough .  how much do you wanna pay ?  uhh , i'm sorry you know .  i don 't know the total cost of renovation; should we ask ?  do we assume that the total cost is 30 thousand ?  do you think we share total cost ?  for example if we see 10 thousand we share the 10 thousand ?  i don 't know , should we ask them ?  yeah maybe we should ask .  okay i understand now .  how much do you want to do for renovation ?  i would like 30 thousand .  okay , if that 's important to you , then i 'd be willing to go for the 30 thousand if we have a september 1st opening .  okay .  okay maybe not okay .  how bout august 1st ?  september 1st is too late .  is that so much difference for you ?  its too much difference .  for me , if you're willing to go on august 1st , then i cant go for the 30 thousand .  ahh , because september 1st is the latest time i can accept .  it 's okay..umm , go this one .  with which ?  september 1st is the latest .  okay , so that 's okay if we do 30 thousand , yeah ?  okay , so we'll do 30 thousand for renovation and september one .  september one , okay .  so what about the hours of operation ?  for me it would be best if we're open early in the morning .  from 6:30 am to 6:30 pm .  for me it 's later the best right , because you're selling liquor and i'm selling breakfast .  right .  what about the temperature ?  for me it 's better for me to be 73 degrees .  73 degrees , for me the lower is better for wine .  lower is better , okay .  is temperature as much important as hours of operation for you ?  for me , hours of operation is more crucial , more important .  the operation is more important , it 's the same .  more important for you too ?  yeah .  okay .  what if we do 8:30 to 8:30 ?  8:30 to 8:30 ?  still .i think the 9:30 to 9:30 , is most important that okay for you ?  no .  what about the temperature ?  the temperature , umm if we do the temperature at 71 , i'll do 9:30 to 9:30 .  hmm .71 ?  can you do 69 ?  no ?  no .  let me think .  if we do 8:30 to 8:30 i can do 69 degrees .  that 's not good for mebecause the opening day is already very late for me .  yeah .  yeah .  the latest .i cannoti only can accept the 9:30 to 9:30 and the 69 degrees , otherwise i would change the opening date .  , i guess , then if we do that then we'll have to change the renovation cost as well .  okay , so for the hours of operation , for temperature i forgot .  what did you say ?  i would be willing to go for the 8:30 to 8:30 and 69 degrees .  or or or , 71 and 9:30 to 9:30 .  hmm , what about this ?  if i agree to 9:30 to 9:30 and 71 , can we push the opening date to august 1st ?  i don 't think that would work .  you don 't agree with that ?  no .  but , is the temperature so important to you ?  it is because of the food its better for it to be warmerand it will save long term on electricity costs .  um , so the 71 and 69 degrees is so important to you ?  right , optimally for me , it would be 73but i 'd be willing to go with 71 degrees if you were willing to go with a later opening , hours of operation .  its really hard for me .  how long has it been ?  do you think its ten minutes ?  yes i think so .  um we could do the 9:30 to 9:30 and the 69 degrees if we did 20 thousand renovation cost .  20 thousand , no that 's not good for me .  what if , can we go like to 9:30 to 9:30 and uh 67 degree and for the floor space i can go 30 percent .  uhh , i think that the floor space i'm okay with .  i don 't need any more floor space but the temperature i cant go that low .  i cant go to 67 .  what about the 69 degree ?  the 69 degree would be okay if we did 8 to 8 .  8 to 8 .  yeah .  we talked about the 9:30 to 9:30 and 68 degree right ?  uh huh , that would be okay i guess .  wait a minute , the 69 hold on a second .  well for the 9:30 to 9:30 , i 'd rather have the 71 degrees than the 69 .  umm so you think the operation and temperature is most important ?  yeah , well the grand opening is probably the most important thing to me , but the hours of operation is pretty important as well .  we could do , we could do 10:30 to 10:30 and you go for 73 degrees .  10:30 to 10:30 and 73 um no .  what about 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degrees ?  how bout 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degrees and 20 thousand renovation cost ?  um , no .  if we go 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degree , i mean 73 degree then i would like to change to august one .  that would work for me .  do you accept the 10:30 to 10:30 and 71 degree ?  if you do 25 thousand in renovation costs .  so you agreed to 9:30 to 9:30 and 71 degree , right ?  yeah .  okay .  10:30 to 10:30 if you have floor space only at 30 percent , can you go lower degree ?  no , well no .  but i can do 10:3010:30 and what did you say temperature ?  what temperature you wanted ?  71 degree , 71 .  i 'd do 71 if you do 15 thousand dollars in renovation cost and 10:30 to 10:30 .  no , renovation cost i don 't wanna change , just like you don 't wanna change opening day , right ?  right .  you sure you don 't wanna do 10:30 and 73 ?  you sure you don 't wanna do 10:30 and 73 ?  you see i already took the opening date , the latest one .  i already took the renovation cost , i took the worst option for me for the renovation cost .  see but the temperature is the worst option for me .  i got 2 worst options , you only have one , right ?  no if we do 10:30 to 10:30 that 's the worst option for me .  oh okay .  we can do 10:30 to 10:30 .we can do 9:30 to 9:30 still no resolution .  temperature and hours of operation , what 's more important ?  they're pretty much the same .  so what if we did august 1 , 73 degrees and 10 to 10 ?  august 1 , 73 degrees and 10:00 to 10:00 .  actually , sure you don 't want to do 71 and 10 to10 ?  71yeah if we do all this one 73 degree and 10 to10 .  how bout that ?  august 1st , 73 degree and 1010 .  why do you think this , 10t o 10 , 71 degree .  i said 1010 and 71 .  10:3010:30 and 71 and keep everything else the same okay .  hihi .  yeah .  so your opening a grocery store ?  yeah .  so you're the owner of the , the owner of the wineshop , right ?  okay .  are you , are you familiar with dupoint circle and the neighborhood where there , we were proposing to open the store yeah i get em , yeah i  know dupoint circle .  yeah , it 's a , it 's a , good plan .  yeah , maybe we can just straight go so there 's five , five issues we need to discuss , right ?  yeah .  five issues .  so maybe we'll start from the hours of operation ?  sure , we can do that .  okay so what do you think about the hours from 6:30 to , 6:30 am to 6:30 pm ?  what do you think ?  well , i think that would provide i think that would present something of a problem for the wine businessbecause you know , people like to drink wine in the evening .  dupoint circle is the kind of neighborhood where you don 't have a lot of families , you know , you have young single people that like to be out late .  you know , there problably not going to be shopping for wine in the morning as there going to work .  you know , there going to be most interested in shopping for wine later in the day .  you know , after the've gotten off work , maybe even after the've had dinner , or right before there going to eat , you know , cook dinner .  so , i really feel that 's an important issue for the wine shop is to be open a lot later , i think , then 6:30 pm .  i think that would be a real hardship for my goal .  yeah i know that .  what considered families and the young people , qualities that , which they have to have .  the family , they come to buy grociers , and wine probably just after work .   for , for , some people come in the morning to have breakfast .  as you can see like you said , the young people hanging out at night and shopping for wines and just having hamburgers , working to the family and the young people .  yeah i would think in a normal community , half and half , but dupoint circle i really think in dupoint circle , you know , i think , you know much more young people .  you know , people , they go to dupoint circle to stay out late , they like to walk around at night , it 's a nice neighborhood for walking around .  maybe they'll see the wine shop still open , go in , buy a bottle .  before they , you know , have a drink , before they , go to sleep and that sort of thing .  i really think we should keep it open a little bit later .  the people there you know , washington d.c .  , is a city where people work really really late .  you know , everyone 's a workaholic , so keep the store open , you know , they may not have eaten yet so they'll stop in buy some food too at 8 or 9 o'clock and then buy there bottle of wine .  i think it could be , long term maybe , mutually beneficial for both of us okay so what time your thinking best for you ?  well obviously keeping it later would be best for me .  i 'd be willing to go closing time as early as 9:30 .  but anything earlier then that  i think is too much for me .  well since we need to have finished on the same route and i guess we need to reach an agreement. .  9:30 , well it 's reasonably bad for mebecause from 9:30 am then i lose the morning business .  right ?  and i guess , probably we can find a time that benefits both of us .  probably like 7:30 am to 7: 30 pm .  yeah , i think that would i would lose too much business ...  well .  i can give some benefit for renovation or for floor space , if we can have the time from 7:30 to 7:30 .  yeah .  that one i just can 't , i can 't close that early .  okay uh maybe if we compromise 8:30 pm depending on how much we can spend on the renovations , because that 's my other , i think my , those are my top two issues especially if we're going to be working in dupoint circle .  well , if we choose 8:30 to 8:30 then have about we have the grand opening on august 1rst .  again , i think , you know , i have all my stock , i have all my stock already .  you know , i already have a wine shop that 's you know , really well stocked .  and , i'm  , you know , i'm ready to open now .  as soon as we can get the renovations done , make this store look as , you know , good as possible .  you know , i feel like we should just  , you know , start making money .  you know , we're both in it , we're business people , like to do business .  i don 't like to wait around , you know everythings ready to go for me .  well , to me its not readybecause i need time to train my employeesand to provide better service for customers .  so i absolutely we need more time and septermber 1st is the best time for me , but consider you then probably we can make up a time .  since , the hours of operation till 8:30 am  8:30 pm is , is , not good for me , but consider if you , if  the grand opening on august 1st , then i can take the 8:308:30 .  yeah .  i feel 8:308:30 for me , is already a pretty big compromise .  so i feel that i 'd really hurt myself if i agreed to an 8:30 closing timeand then also waiting , you know , four whole months before selling wine at the location .  so i don 't really feel like i can compromise so 8:30 am  8:30 pm and opening on august 1rst is difficult for you ?  yeah .  i mean , both of those conditions would be acceptable if we could spend a lot , i mean , top dollar on renovating the store .  so we're going to be opening on dupoint circle .  dupoint circle is one of these places , you know , where people pay 2500 hundred dollars a month for there nice apartments , they have good jobs .  they don 't wanna go to your , you know , your cheap neighborhood liquor store , you know , where they sell , you know , crappy wines and crappy liquors .  they want somewhere nice , they want to feel classy , there going to a place where they can spend their hard earned money , and you know , see other people .  so i would , i would , actually compromise on august 1rst opening and 8:30 closing time if we could really spend the maximum amount of money on renovation .  because that 's my , that 's my other big issue , i really need a store that looks nice .  you know , if i am going to move into this community , i have a reputation to protect , i need to have a nice store .  i'm sure you feel the same way .  well well , for 30 k , for 30 k that 's too much for renovation .  i mean , i'll lose all the money for training if i put all the money in renovation .  so , while there 's , there 's only budget for the training and the renovation is 30 , 000 thousand .  i mean i can agree on 20 , 000 thousand the bottom line here .  yeah .  i mean , if we did do the 30 , 000 thousand but if we compromised on the hours of operation and the opening date .  i think you would be saving some value there , that you could use to train your employees .  and you will have more time to train , and so forth , if we wait , you know , a little bit longer down the road .  30 , 000 thousand , you know , is like initial startup money for training and renovations because we have 't made any benefit from selling stuff .  okay , so if so its ok with you if we take 8:30 am to 8: 30 pm plus the training , ok , renovations plus august 1rst ?  those conditions you know i feel like i've compromised a lot , i can accept those conditions .  but we still haven 't gotten to another issue that 's really going to affect my stock .  and i'm not sure about the food business , i've only been in the , in the wine business .  i don 't know if you're a wine drinker yourself , but , you know we're going to be opening in dupoint circle , like i said , and people , you know , they want a nice store .  there going to be buying expensive wines and they want that wine to be , you know , in perfect condition when they buy it .  i see so i also really need the store to be at a cooler temperature then you might otherwise have .  especially at this time in the year , when you know the washington d.c .  summers are so hot .  people are coming in and out , the store can warm up very quickly .  you know , that 's deadly to the wine .  it really needs to be cool yeah i know but if we keep the temperature really low , we pay too much utlitiesand also that will hurt you , right ?  it 's true but , i also , you know , i'm in the wine business to make money .  in my experience , people , you really make your money on the wines that are , you know , are expensive .  because you can usually get those wines at a good deal and pass those prices on to the consumers , french wine that 's worth a lot to them .  when they drink that , it has to be good , or there not going to come back and buy another , you know $50 bottle of french wine .  so , i really feel like its worth it long term to keep the store at a cool temperature .  you know , i feel like it would benefit , you know , you as well , selling fresh produce and specialty foods well , if we have , if we spend a lot of money on utlitiles then we push the money .  we need to raise the price in order to pay the utilities .  and then , that 's not good to us , as opposed to you and me because if we raise the price then people will just go to another place .  how do you think about 69 , 69 degree ?  69 is really , i think its pushing it for the wine .  i 'd really like to go 67 degree 's on this one .  you know , cause we've already cut a little corners on the renovation from my perspective , you know .  we need to make this store look like it 's fancy because people are coming in to buy .  you know , wine is not an everyday product , it 's a  , you know , a vanity product .  people buy it for special occasions .  it just really needs to be good .  so if we're going to cut a little bit of corners , a few corners on renovations , then i would really like it to be a little cooler in the store .  well consider if you're willing to have the opening late and consider people  are going to be willing to buy wines , 8:00 pm or 7:00 pm it 's already cool outside .  so they probably don 't think the ice beer , ice wine , they probably think it doesn 't makes too much difference .  it really does .  wine at this level , at this level is really expensive , i'm sure , it really hurts my bottom line .  you know , the thing with the wine business also is that you build a relationship with your customers because most people aren 't experts on wine .  they don 't know , you know , they don 't know the difference from different regions and the wines they produce .  they come to you for good advice and i can 't be , i can 't feel comfortable , suggesting a wine to somebody , that may have been stored improperly .  if you know what i mean .  without the renovations , i'm not sure , you know , i really need the wine to be top quality that 's got to be the feature of the store , if we can 't have the best renovations .  the wine has to really be yeah .  okay , so let 's see 67 degree and 69 degrees .  is two , okay , is two degrees difference okay .  yeah , maybe , we can , okay , leave it here and then we can see about the floor space .  okay .  floor space .  floor space , i guess half having , probably having the best you not having too much wine .  while you don 't have too much wine then maybe you can consider letting me take and we can spend a little more money on renovations .  so , how much more money would you be willing to spend on the renovations ?  well , if you give 70% of the floor space , then i can spend 25 k for renovationsi think that would be fine because , like i said , the renovations for me really , you know , i mean , i really want the store to look nice .  if we could spend more , i 'd be happy to take more of the floor space , display mine wares and pay more of the rent .  so then we pick 8:30 am8:30 pm , and 25k , and 70 percent space for me , right ?  and 70 , 67 degree and we open on august 1rst .  okay .  alright okay .  i think that 's fine with me .  okay that 's good with me also .  okay then you have a deal .  okay .  okay good .  let 's stop it .  so so you're a wine shop owner .  and you're a grocery shop owner .  i'm a grocery shop owner .  okay .  so we'll discuss the hours of operation first ?  okay , sounds good to me .  i need to open as early as possibleif it works for both of usbecause i sell coffee and breakfast stuff and that 's a major part of my business .  but i'm assuming you as a wine shop owner i need to open later .  later .  later the better .  yeah .  okay .  since we only have these 12 hour options , and obviously this shouldn 't be more than 12 hours but so what do you suggest for this ?  well my priority will start at 10:30 .  10:30 , okay .  obviously that 's too late for mecause everybody except for me has had breakfast by 10:30!yeah , i know .  so , i would propose since i would propose 7:30 to 7:30 .  most people who well who are going to buy wine and alcohol hopefully will have bought it except for the last minute people .  well 7:30 will be too early for me , to get up .  oh , to get up .  hmm , yeah .  i think office time will start at 9 right ?  so right , so everybody wants to get their breakfast maybe 8:30 ?  between 7:30 , well hmm .  let 's see .  7:30 's pretty important to me , businesswise .  so i would , i would try to stick with 7:30 myself .  so , how cause we have to share all the electricity costs and that sort of thing .  oh you mean the costs ?  yeah , that 's why we want to negotiate the same hours of operation so that we can have you know , we can split all the bills and such .  i'm going to be paying , well , i guess it depends on floor spacewe should probably split up ...  actually , while why don 't we work on the floor space issue first ?  because the bills will be split up that way so financially it might make a difference .  who 's going to be paying more , who 's going to have more business earlier , later , whatever .  okay so what do you think ?  so floor space , 60% of floor space would be best for me .  how much of floor space will be optimal for you ?  you 60 , i'm 40 right ?  okay , i can accept that .  alright .  i'll take 60 and you're 40 .  alright .  good , get something easy out of the way .  so then our bills are going to be split 60/40 .  mmmhmm .  so so the i would still say that 7:30 would be a lot better for me .  7:30 to 7:30pm , that 's too early for me to get the day .  okay , let 's go at 8:30 .  and parties start at 8 right , right .  okay .  well , we'll go to 8:30 , does that work for you if we have 8:30 ?  mmmhmm , okay .  okay , and let 's see .  so cost ?  cost .  what do you what 's your priority on cost ?  well , like , 25 , 000 ?  sounds good to me!i can pay more if you want , i can pay 30 .  i think this is our combined total so i think we're going  be splitting this .  i guess it doesn 't make any difference because either we're both going to be paying 12/5 or we both will be paying 25 .  okay , let 's go to 25 , that sounds fine to me .  do you want to make it to pay more ?  i think , no , we both have to agree on the same number i think .  so your priority is more renovation and my priority isokay , yeah .  25 , sounds good to me , or yeah 25 , let 's do 25 .  alright .  alright , sounds fine to me , since we don 't really understand that category , anyway .  temperature , alright , what works for you ?  you have wine what is so i need to be in lower temperature .  the lower the better .  yeah .  alright .  yeah , the wine to keep fresh .  right , right .  so what about , is 71 degrees for you ?  no .  no , it 's way too warm ?  okay .  cause my product won 't necessary spoil .  it 's just a cost thing , so .  69 ?  well , wait a minute .  i need to transfer to celsius degree .  oh , right right right .  but just go by relative , you know ?  so , so like between warm and cold , you want less warm in the middle .  69 ?  69 .  okay!in the middle , work for me .  grand opening date , we have a little trouble opening july 1 , june 1 , may 1 because we're already in the middle of july .  that 's true .  so what do you think about this issue ?  i want to open as soon as possible , yeah .  okay .  i want to open as late as possible .  why ?  because i need to get some products from somewhere far awayand i want to train my employees evidently , i have idiots who need training for months .  but , i would be i don 't think i'm supposed to be open i don 't really understand this issue very well .  i prefer to open lateri need to order special items , but but without the special items , you still have something to sell right ?  yeah , i agree .  yeah , so i would take compromise july 1 .  i well my priority is may 1 so my priority is september 1 .  well , but how about i can pay more for the renovation cost and we can open earlier ?  see , that in theory that sounds great to me , and in real life i would say okay , but i get fewer points the more we circle for renovation costs .  so and my grand opening is a much more important issue for me .  so , if you would consent to starting in an hour earlier , it still isn 't that great .  no , yeah , i think the hours are more important to me .  okay , hours are more important to you and opening date is more important to me .  so how about we go to the .to compromise on the hours of operation then i think if you don 't want to budge on thati'm going to have to stick to july 1 on the opening date .  i don 't know if we're supposed to look at each other 's charts .  like the numbers here you have small numbers here for these ?  and i have really big numbers so oh i see , so weigh different .  so yeah , so i would think relatively the opening date is more an important issue for me than it is for you but i suppose technically i should be technically trying to convince you rather than looking at your chart to determine how important it is to you .  so , in that case , you're going to need to convince me to start any earlier than august 1st .  well if july 1 works for you then we're okay .  alright .  i can take july 1 .  okay ?  alright!so we'll have 8:30 to 8:30 , 25 , 000 , and i'm 40 , you're 60 , and 69 degrees and july 1 .  okay!sounds good to me .  we're fast!we're fast , yes .  i think , yes , okay , i think i'm not in business for a reason .  hi .  hi , what 's your name ?  shanna .  shanna .  and yours ?  my name is enlu .  enlu ?  nice to meet you .  okay .  so i guess we have some negotiating to do about this .  right , so i'm the owner of the wine store .  mmmhmm .  i am the grocery store , a specialty foods store .  so it sounds like it would be really good to have our stores right next to each other .  yeah , right .  people will be really able to use both of them and we might be able to really increase customers by having both of them .  i don 't know what , you know , we have lot of questions before so , what , what kinds of grocery do you want to sell ?  specialty goods , you know , gourmet foods , stuff like that .  so figures it goes well with wine .  okay , very good .  so yeah .  i don 't know , we have some questions we have to sort out to see  we're going to have to do this together which is going to be interesting because we don 't know each other but i think we can do it .  do you , i guess you probably have priorities .  do you want to go over them and i can tell you mine , or ?  we can talk about issues one by one .  okay .  so first , how about the hours of operation ?  yeah , i think that 's you know , that 's going to be interesting .  so , what do you have in your mind ?  well , obviously , the earlier the better for usbecause we sell coffee and croissants and like , like , breakfast stuff , so earlier the better for us , so , you knowso earlier the better for us , what are you thinking ?  yeah , that makes sensebut , well , what 's your proposal for them ?  what 's your proposal for the hours ?  i think the best thing for us would be from 6:30am to 6:30pm .  ohhh .  that will be too early for me .  like one , people like to stay up late , people like to buy wines or , go to the store late , and stay up late so , that will be too early .  so , one thing in my mind is that because we're located in dupont circle , that 's a good place for nightlife , so i think probably in the night there are , we will also get a lot of people .  yeah , but the thing is people don 't really do their shopping late so we really don 't want to be open late .  yeah , so maybe you can sell more , things more , better for nights ?  i don 't think so , given our , given our , like what we sell , breakfast is really where the majority of our profits are going to be .  so i mean , it sounds like your store doesn 't sell liquor right ?  it just sells wines so it 's really something no , no , it has liquor so it has liquor too ?  wine and liquors and liquor probably would take a large part of the..so the product so. .  i don 't know , i mean , do you , have you spent much time in dupont circle ?  yeah , no , me , not personally but i know it 's a good place for night life .  well , kind of , i live there .  oh , really ?  yeah , and it 's really , i mean , it kind of clears out , i mean not , not early but it 's not there aren 't clubs there or anything so it 's really more of a business people 's area ?  i mean it 's very popular but it 's businessoriented .  yeah , i know .  it really is after , you know , 8 o'clock at night , there 's noone there .  oh , but a lot of my friends went there for , for a drink in the night and they , they like to hang out there late in the night , so and theyand i think another reason is that mmm , right now summer so people tend to stay up very late and you know , at night , you know , the sky begins to dark very late but i mean like , what you're talking about like , the latest , the latest you know we can be open is 10:30and people really aren 't hanging out at 10:30 .  the people who we're going to get are people who are there for business , the people that live there .  so i mean , really , it seems like our hours can fit more the people who actually live around there , not the people who are hanging out , because we can 't .  i mean like we can 't like , what you're talking about our people hanging out there late , is way past the when we can be open anyway .  oh no , i think also , like business people like to have oh , i don 't think so , people there are at work by 7am , so you know , like then they , they have to staff their parties and everything during the day so so maybe we can find something in between but yeah , but yeah what 's the latest you can accept ?  i mean , really , the latest we can do is 7:30 to 7:30 .  wow , that 's still pretty early for me .  well , i propose 9:30 to 9:30 .  there 's no waywe 'd just lose , we 'd lose almost all of our business .  but do you think people have breakfast so early ?  and do you think i mean , they come in on their way to the office , that 's the thing , i mean. .  but do you think they will have breakfast at our places or ?  well yeah for our stuff , our stuff is you know you grab your coffee and croissant on your way to the office , or you got for a breakfast meeting , you grab the stuff you need i know there 's alreay like starbuck and places over there yeah but this is more oriented towards the business people no , i think they already have the habits to go there , you know ?  so maybe it , they won 't want to choose to go here for the breakfast very much but you know , like , we two together we will create some new spots for them , so like , they maybe like the wine , accompanied like the food so there needs to be some , something special if we still go to for all the way like starbucks do we want to attract the people from the places .  yeah , but i mean that 's just not it 's just a different crowd , like .  starbucks is really the college students on their way and this is much more , you know , towards the people who live there who are pretty rich and you know so and we're not going to be , as far as i can tell , you know , we're not going to be located right next to starbucks or anything so that 's just , i mean , that 's the bulk of our business , it 's a lot of them .  yeah , i just think , you know , it 's sometimes it 's so hard change a person 's habits if they are already used to one place they go to another place .  well , maybe we should try one of the other because we can make talk about later maybe we can combine something else and mmhmm .  so the other thing is the renovation costs .  yup .  and the we can talk about it with the floor space ?  mmhmm .  let 's start with renovation costs .  i went over there and had my guy look at it and everything and i don 't think much needs to be done .  oh really ?  but i went there too and personally speaking , i don 't like it at all you know ?  it 's like it looks like some lowlevel place .  well i mean , the front really needs to be done but the inside , you know , seemed fine .  no but , you know so it is i think it is located where it is the the it 's highly visible to both traffic and cars , so we really need to do something good to attract people but also if you want to keep the customers , the interior should be also comfortable right ?  right , well definitely , but i just didn 't , i don 't think it 's going to cost that much to make it good .  so yeah , so , what in total would you like to spend on that ?  probably between 10 and $15 , 000 .  10 , 15 i think that will only be for just that will the. .  this amount of money will be really good for the front nononothe front and just maybe soso i really want to do something like different in the outside and i really want to make the inside comfortable and cozy for people usually well how much do you think we should spend on that ?  i think 25 , 000 would be okay .  i could maybe i could settle for like 20 , 25 is really beyond what we could do .  because , like , you know , these days the price is really high if you settle for 20 , 000 , you won 't do muchand also , i think if we can hire a designer or someone , some specialty to do the design thing , that will save us a lot of time and energy and also i think it would be stylish you know ?  there 's no way we can spend 25 .  20 is really the max .  but you know , you put more on that and you will get profits in the long run .  i understand what you're saying but it 's not , i mean , that 's just really , that 's gonna to be way too much , that 's not gonna you know , nowadays you can see many stores , they open for a little while , and they close , and then they do the renovation .  that hurts them a lot .  it takes them time and they lose their customers .  so why not just i mean , i'm just telling you , we're not , we cannot do 25 .  there 's just no way .  we won 't back out on the contract .  it 's just it 's too much .  i think 20 we can probably swing .  i just think i think it can be done for 20 .  i mean , the buildings are in good shape .  they need design but i don 't think it should cost more than 20 to get what we need done .  okay , so that 's because you , the reason you want to do that is because that 's too much money .  well , it 's too much for what it is because the building is in good shape .  i mean , it doesn 't need to be totally renovated .  we need to do design! we need to do design but that 's not renovation .  i mean a lot of the time when you see these stores that are renovated is because they have water coming through the ceiling , and we don 't have that problem .  so i don 't think it 's that big of a you know..what we need to do is design , what can be done for 20 .  okay , let 's say it 's 20 , maybe so then for the the floor space ?  yeah , for the floor space , how much do you want ?  well , you know , you go first .  i'm always going first .  how much are you thinking is going to be good for you ?  um , i think 40% will be good for me .  40% ?  yeah , 60 would be ideal for me , so that 's cool .  really ?  let 's do that , yeah .  that 's great!so then the temperature ?  mmhmm .  the temperature , about , i think because i sell wine and liquors , and now we need to keep them as lower the , the , temperaturethe lower the better for me .  and also , summer time , so i think lower temperature will be good .  and i propose 65 degrees .  is that good for you ?  see my concern is , like that , i really wanted it higherbecause i think that , you know , especially in the summer in dupont circle , most places keep their door open and you don 't want to be just air conditioning the outdoors .  and you know for food and stuff , we can 't have it that cold .  i mean , like 65 is just too cold .  really ?  but i think , well low temperature should be good for food to store well not though , not for the stuff that people buy on their way out and everything , like , it 's not ideally , it 's in the 70s so just for what proper you know but i think you just say , you , you're , you sell breakfast right and you don 't want that stuff tasting like it 's referidgerated .  i mean , do you think they will , do you have like a a microwave oven in your store so you can heat the .  we don 't do that because then it wouldn 't be gourmet .  heating things up .  so you just sell things that have normal degree ?  yeah , so it 's better to have it a little bit warmer but you knowbut so maybe it 'd be better if we found something in between because it 's just you're going to have referidgeration and stuff right for the things you're going to sell cold ?  oh , nonono , because all of the store they are wines and liquor , maybe our store , some are in the referidgerator but most of them are just exposed in the store so you know , the , if , the temperature is too high then they will get spoiled very easily at this time of the year .  really , i thought wine and beer are all bottled , like it doesn 't .  yeah , they have bottles but temperature has a great impact on the life time of the expiration timeand also about the taste..and also about the taste .  a little bit change in the temperature affects the taste a lot , so the ideal temperature for me is 65 degrees .  yeah , that 's the same thing with taste of food , like it 's better if it 's at what 's considered at room temperature which is in the 70s .  how low can you go down ?  i mean like 71 would probably be ?  but you just said 70 .  well no , in the 70s i said like oh 70s okay , no , no .  you know , like , taste , like the food , it doesn 't like , usually the temperature doesn 't change the food taste so much and for wines and liquors is especially sensitive and people who like to buy wines have very picky taste .  so that will 70s is impossible for me , that 's impossible .  do you think we could , like 69 ?  maybe we could agree on ?  i don 't know no , 69 is still too high .  69 is too high .  i mean , below that is basically referidgeration .  65 degrees is ideal .  no , but for us , that 's like , that 's referidgeration basically , below 69 , that 's like cold for food , so we can 't , we just can 't do that .  i don 't think they will buy them immediately and eat them you know ?  it 's summer time , it 's so hot outside you know ?  i mean but yeah , the temperature we pick is going to be all year and you can 't oh no , i don 't think it 's for the whole year .  we can change it right ?  i think it 's just for this time for the year .  grocery , no , i think , when are you putting , do you think you want to open ?  oh yeah , that depends , yeah right .  so , i think the earlier the better right ?  well you're talking about doing all these renovations , that 's really going to push us later .  mmhmm .  so the type of renovation we're going to have to do to get it up and ready to go will really push up past summer into like september .  september ?  !yeah , especially if you want to do $20 , 000 of no way , no!actually , it takes a while to do that stuff .  actually the more you put into renovation , you can open earlier right ?  no because someone has to come and do everything , it takes a long time .  20 , 000 we won 't do designer as you said , 20 , 000 just be the , you know i mean we're just , we can 't get the inside of that store ready until september .  but you think .from now to september it 's five months , so in that five months .  i mean , we have to get all the stocking and everything done and there 's just no way , i mean , wine , maybe it 's available immediately for us it 's not .  we can 't get the stuff in .  i mean , there 's just not impossible .  but that wold be too too late for me , there 's no way you know .  i can 't do that .  for september , okay , i 'd rather pick somewhere else you know ?  i have other locations maybe , maybe not as good as durpont circle but still very good .  if i start earlier .  i'm willing to hold on to it and open on september 1stbecause i think you know then , all the people , i mean like summer in dupont circle is dead .  everyone 's on vacation .  see i think that 's what 's going to take to turn it into a nice place .  you just said we don 't need to rebuild the building , we'll just do some renovation .  i said like the outside is the big thing and i think that does take awhile .  i think..and for us , it 's stocking the shelves that takes a long time .  i know a lot of tourists go to dupont circle in the summerand still in the summer , a lot of people work you know ?  yeah , but dupont circle is i mean , i mean i just don 't think the business it 's going to be a lot better to just open in the fall and be able to kick off and have things up and running whereas if we open before that , you'll be..you know , if we open before that then we really won 't have anything to sell .  we just can 't stock the shelves that quickly .  but if i open in september , i will like , i will have nothing , no money to make you know ?  because wines will expire and we just can 't and i have the store and i can do that so i think the earliest we can get it open is august 1st .  nope .  i think the latest is june 1st .  yeah no way , there 's no way we can do june .  so one way is like , i think , one solution is we would be an empty store in june .  i mean , we 'd be empty .  there wouldn 't be anything to sell , so i think if , you would like to renovation spend more on renovation , like 25 , 000 , so we can maybe hire more people and do that quickly you know then maybe i can postpone that to july 1st ?  do you think that is fair ?  mmm .i still think august would just be so much more better .  i mean , i think we can put it some more money if we can push it to august .  i just don 't think we can get stuff in with july .  i just can 't imagine stocking the shelves that quickly .  i understand that but that will be like , you know , you can get stuff in but you still at least have something to sell but the problem for me is that i mean no , because we want people to come in and know exactly what 's there to get used to it .totally not .  hi .  i'm from the benducci corporation ou're the owner of the grocery store , right ?  yeah , and you're the wine shop owner ?  wine shop , yeah .  well , okay we have some things to discuss .  i would like to open at 5:30am .  oh , that 's too early!yes , well i sell baked goods and many people come very early .  i serve many breakfast foodsso i need to open very early .  but how late do you want to close , like ?  what would be..you prefer what time ?  5 o'clockbecause i don 't sell much stuff for dinner .  but how about like people get off work at 5 and they need to go grocery shopping after work .  yes , but i don 't sell many groceries , i sell mostly breads and breakfast items .  but maybe , maybe at 6:30 ?  is that better ?  nobecause well i sell wine and people , people don 't buy wine for breakfast , hopefully not .  people buy wine usually after workso i 'd like to close so later probably , i prefer 10:30 .  wow! 10:30!what about electricity ?  you have to spend more money on electricity if you open at 10:30 .  yeah , but i prefer to close , i mean open a little bit later , i prefer open at 10:30 .  yeah , because , but people i mean , people don 't go grocery shopping every day you 'd hope right ?  you make sure you buy some groceries on weekends and cook breakfast , right ?  they don 't go to yeah but i sell coffee and pastries , and breakfast items .  if i open at 10:30 , everybody will have eaten already .  let 's the middle point .  how about 8:30 ?  i mean , not many people get up that early but 8:30 is yeah but most people go to work not 5:30 fine , but maybe 7:30 , 7:30so people who get off work have some timeand people who that want breakfast before have some time .  cause otherwise my business will just not be successful .  hmm , let 's see .  okay , how about if i give in on this one and then the next , the next , the next issue you give in a little bit ?  ..good one .  okay .  okay , so that 's 7:30 to 7:30 , right ?  okay .  the next thing is the renovation cost .  this is very important for mebecause in order to be able to sell wine , you know , you have to have like really nice environment , and like people enjoy itand i have to  .everything .  so i think i need 30 , 000 dollars .  well , i was , actually you know as far as opening the store , i think we need to start making some money first before we start doing any renovations .  and i really , personally , i don 't want to do any renovation at all .  so you don 't want to make your store look betterbecause people because there 's a lot of groceries well i need to buy a lot of thingsand i need to train the employeesbecause the better food i have , the more people will come .  people aren 't going to come because it 's prettier .  yeah , we can open a little bit lateralthough i prefer to open as early as possible .  i prefer to open in may .  preferably may 1st .  but i thought we were talking abut the renovation .  i  know , i know , yeah .  but you said you need more time to buy food and all thatbut i'm just saying that you'll have enough time to both renovate the store and buy food and everything .  so i think it 's a good idea to decorate the store and make it look better just to be more competitive .  there 's a lot of grocery stores i mean , you can do that with $5000 ?  $10 , 000 ?  no , noi mean $2000 , to be realistic , i mean what can you do with $2000 , $5000 ?  i mean , it 's so expensive nowadays and i mean , you limit your budget and you go out , and but also i can 't see having $30 , 000 to spend if you're just opening a new store .  you need to spend it on employees , you need to spend money on other things .  yeah , but we'll pay up later on if you , i mean what if it 's not successful ?  how do you know ?  but i don 't like to risk something like that in the beginning .  it 's not really a risk but you know , it 's just you invest more would you agree to just 5000 ?  no , no , i don 't think 5000 , no .  5000 i mean is like when you decorate your own home .  like 5000 , just think about it this is not a home , this is business .  you're here to make money , not spend it .  business is more expensive .  $5000 you can 't do much , right ?  i mean , for business , i think minimum amount is at least 25 , 000 to 30 , 000 .  well , because i was really think about 2000 or 5000 .  well , really , you can 't do much .   like you buy stair or fur or putting new things like that .  would you agree to 10 , 000 ?  no , no , no .  okay , maybe 25 ?  no , i can 't do 25 .  because i gave in to hours of operation , i can 't give in any i mean later on i can give you more but like , we all agreed that i gave in to the last one , you're going to give in but i'm trying to spend 0 and you're trying to make me spend 25 , 000 more , and half of that is what , 15 .  yeah , i know .  maybe 20 at most .  yeah , but really you can 't 25 .  i'll agree to 20 , no more than that .  cause that 's a lot; that 's more than twice what i'm trying to spend .  well , it will pay off , i mean .  but i'm not surei can 't make such a big risk and my business will goand if i don 't have a business , you don 't have a business , because we're in the same place .  yeah , that 's why we're my business benefits your businessand i'm selling all the food and all you're selling are drinks .  but , i mean .okay 20 20 , 000 .  okay , so the next is floor space , right ?  yeah .  what 's your opinion of the floor space ?  just consider the type of business , cause i'm selling food and baked goods and you're selling winei was thinking about 70% and then 30% .  i think i need a little bit more space than 30% actually .  because i'm selling wine and other liquor drinks too and beer and everything .  i need the fridge for my beersand i have hard liquors and i have wine too .and everthingbut it'll take more space than that .  i'm thinking about 40 .  40% , for you and 60 for me ?  yeah .  okay!for the next temperature ?  temperature what is your opinion on that ?  i sell baked goods and they stay fresher and better when it 's warmer .  yeah but quality and everything but i would like to save money on temperature .  the higher the temperature , the better , and the food stays better .  i was thinking about 75 degrees ?  wow , that 's very high , 75 degrees .  75 is hot ?  yeah , i would say so , yeah because , because i prefer actually it a little colder than thatbecause the wine stays betterand i think food would stay better in the cold temperature .  you don 't have a referidgerator ?  i have it but i don 't put all the wines in the referidgerator , right ?  because i put some of the wines outside .  because i think wine needs to stay at a particular temperature , no ?  yeah , that 's why i'm saying the temperature should be a little colderand if you go to the wine store they usually don 't put all the wines in the referidgerator .  how about 74 ?  mmm , no , a little bit colder than that i think .  i mean , some of these  ..like , how , what 's the temperature in your room you  know ?  at least in the summer , it'll be less than 70 right ?  no .  really ?  room temperature is about 73 .  really ?  like 22 centegrade .  yeah .  i just thought ..if it 's still hot in the floor .  you know what , it'll actually be cold because people will get chilly and they'll want to leave .  you want them to be comfortable so i guess well , people don 't spend hours and hours there , right ?  i'm thinking 65 actually .  65 is like , i'll come in but i'll want to leave because it 's so cold .  you know , people from outside , they drive from outside or they walk and take metro and they come hereand you know , they expect it to be cool and they want to cool down a little bit right what about in the winter ?  if we open in september well , first of all you can wear a warm coat anyways , so you know ?  you can 't bit into a doughnut at 65 degrees , it 's gonna be hard , it 's going to be cold .  maybe 7173 ?  how about 70 ?  i'll settle with 67 .  i cannot agree to that .  i have to be over 70 .  70 or 71because otherwise it 's unreasonable , too cold .  okay , i'll give in a little bit .  i'll give you 69 degree .  i mean , it 's not all that different from 70 anyway .  okay .  okay , we're almost done , on the last one .  grand opening date , what do you think ?  november ?  november ?  that 's late!i need time .  why ?  ...   ...   .  if we open in , say in may , how many months you have ?  at least like , 6 , 7 , months ?  8 months ?  right ?  that 's enough for you to buy groceries right ?  yeah , i need a little bit time toobecause i need to buy wine and everything .  maybe november is too latemaybe what about is october too late ?  yeah , i mean .that 's a whole year to buy things .  the early the earlier the now it 's fall the earlier the more you make money , the better right ?  summer , people buy things too and because breakfast people buy everyday .  yeah but they're not going to buy breakfast in the summer , they have to work , people work more , less in the summer , a lot of people don 't work in the summer .  and i need to order some things from abroad that takes some time to reach here .  i cannot open the store yet .  yeah  but .coffee beans , and those  cold drinks , they make a lot of moneyand people buy them in the summer and there 's lot of kids but i have to order a lot of specialty items because we're a specialty bread shop .  they're coming from abroad .  yeah , that 's enough , like so it takes some time .  maybe , maybe i'll settle for september .  september , no , it 's still too late .  i have to do .  because i want to , actually , actually i want to sell wine in the summer , summerand people buy more wine but you already have a store .  we're just trying to put the stores together , to have more customersand i just don 't think that 's going to happen in the summer when the kids are away .  why ?  because people need to be with their families .  yeah , in the summer , like and they won 't have time to go to the wine store to buy winemaybe when they start working and the kids are in school in september , maybe end of august .  but , okay .  how about little bit , i give in a little bithow about june ?  june ?  !yeah .  that'll give you enough time to buy food and june ?  !no  no no .  i won 't have anything in june .  okay , what 's your best time ?  september .  mmm no .  no , you need to give up a little bit .  i'm giving up , i really want november .  i'm giving up 2 months .  wine , mmm something in the middle .  i'm saying june , you're saying september ?  let 's see , how about july ?  i mean , i could go for augustbut no way july .  i prefer novemberoctoberi could also so septemberbut the most i'll move is august .  but july is i have no business .  july , you will , why not ?  i have no business .  i mean , kids are in school in july and you know , and i guess high school 's started right ?  no , august .  high school starts like last week of august .  yes ?  okay .  okay .  does she want to come in ?  you think it 's locked or ?  yeah , hold on .  okay , thank you .  if we start in august , i don 't have businessand people don 't buy liquor in the winter , they don 't buy wine yeah , they buy more wine in the winter .  no , alcohol , wine , you drink it in the winter .  no , but wine and some chillers , like , you want the flavored beers and people i sell alcohol , beer in summer but not in winter , so , i mean if you want , since i want to open in fall in november , october , we can decide on august 1stso you still have some summer and i still have some fall .  but august i only have few days of summerand you know i'll .  summer doesn 't end up until september 22nd .  yeah , but still , yeah , in august school has started and everythingand you know my , my , most of my customers are students .  they are in college , students .  buying wine ?  !no , they're like 40 year olds , buying wine .  40 years old ?  college students don 't buy wine .  why not , i buy wine!well , they buy beer , and .  but you have a lot of college students .  you're a wine store owner .  i try .  okay , let 's see .  i mean , i can 't give in on this issue , this is really important for me .  i have to open in the summerand i already gave up 2 monthsand i can 't make any more money in august .  do you want to agree on july then ?  maybe i can give in okay , thank you .  you're welcome .  it was a pleasure doing business with you .  so should we start , like from the first item ?  well , so first of all , you're from the wine shop ?  yes , you're from the grocery .  yeah .  okay .  okay .  yeah , so we're moving into the same space and yeah hours of operation seems to be a good place to start .  so , i know as a wine what what have been the hours of operation in your store so far , like , what you how late did you usually stay open before ?  we usually open from 11 in the morning and open until 11 in the night .  you know , people buy liquor and wines in night .  so we open open late and close late .  well , i was thinking maybe we can come to a compromise on this since being a grocery and having coffee and things like thatwe 'd like to open as early as possible to get that .  and the other thing i was thinking about is as well is in washington d.c .  where this will be located , they stop serving , they stop being able to stop alcohol at 10pm , so anything past 10 i don 't think would be you know , prudent to you wouldn 't have any customers .  but like , we usually open at 6:30 in the morning and stay open until 6:30 at night but i think people are shopping later and later soi was thinking maybe 7:30 ?  okay , so you want have the hours of operation from 7:30 to 7:30 ?  well , hmm .  that 's difficult for me , you knowcause after 7 if we close at 7:30 , we lose a lot of customers .  so i'm thinking about i was just thinking , i think like when do people .i was thinking from my own experience when i would buy wine and liquor and things because it seems like you're a more of a specialty wine shop rather than like a you know , people that are out partying want to go buy more booze or something so maybe if somebody could get you know , wine on the way home from work or something .  so i was thinking like getting off of work at like 3 or 4 so it gives them you know , three and a half hours to to get wine .  yeah , and i , i , i agree that you said after 10 i get no customersbut i still think i would like to have 9:30 to 9:30cause i'm thinking that since we're sharing the space , we're sharing the same group of customers .  the customers who drink wine and liquor in the night might not get up early in the morning , so they might like grocery hours to also be also later open and late close .  that 's a i was thinking i was thinking that the those customers are going to wine to it 's kind of we're speaking to that .  to use the title of my grocery store , we're speaking to the upper crust , you know , the sort of people , the higher class customers soi just like , i really don 't want to go any later than 7:30because that way they can still get food and coffee on their way to work especially since .where our location is going to be .  i think a lot of stores in that area have similar hours , 7:30 to 7:30 and a lot of stores close after that time because there 's a lot of bars in the area and usually after 7:30 , then people are going to the bars instead .  yeah , but location is also the thing i am thinking about , especially because we are located at dupont circle .  i once worked there for a couple of months and i feel it 's extremely helpful if i can buy something after 7 or 8 in that area .  so i still thinking , love to have the 9:30 to 9:30 .  well , if we're both stuck on like , you want 9:30 to 9:30 and i want 7:30 to 7:30can we go 8:30 to 8:30 ?  cause then we're going to lose an equal amount of customers .  right , right .  that 's fair , that 's fair now .  yeah , that 's great , 8:30 to 8:30 .  so we can move to the next point .  renovation .  renovation costs .  well , i'm thinking , i'm probably going to have to do most renovation to the space cause it 's not set up for grocery right now , so referidgeration units and things like that , as far as dcor , i guess , we're going to have similar dcor , so it 's not like we're going to have buy separate decorating materials .  even with all that considered , like , i still can only think of having spend like $10 , 000because i would rather spend the money on getting quality like , gourmet food and training my employees and stuff .  mmmhmm , that 's reasonable .  i totally understand your situationbut i i need to tell you what i am thinking on this issue , because we are located in the neighborhood of dupont circle , our customers will be high class , the rich people .  so i guess the ...  customers about the good looking of the grocery store and since we're sharing customer group .  i mean , i believe we will share a lot of customers in the future .  so i do believe that a good looking environment is critical to my storeso i would like to go 30 , 000 for the renovation costs .  um , how much equipment are you able to bring from your old location ?  do you have wine racks and stuff ?  what 's the 30 , 000 going to go to ?  i would like to spend most of this money on the exterior looking .  i would like to have a good looking to attract the people walking around so they'll choose our store instead of other places at their first glance of our store .  so that 's my thinking but we can discuss about this since this is our shared space , so i wanna well again , somewhere between the average would be 20 , 000 then , just half as much .  it 's twice as much as what i want to spend so actually , twice as if you..if you want to spend more than half , that 's 15 , 000 , so i would i mean , there 's no structural problem .  we don 't have to .everything 's just decorative and obviously , for the grand opening we need to have everything done in advance .  and for this , i am thinking about the longterm benefits of decorating the store .  if we buy better quality decorations , we can stand for longer times , that 's better for us to save money in the future with thinking about using more money now to save for the future .  also , if you want to spend $30 , 000 , things might take a bit more time , so are you planning not that we have to negotiate the grand opening right now but in you know , in accordance with renovation costs , it seems like you are going to need more time if you really want to spend that much money .  that 's true , that 's true , and i agree .  i need time to wait for the grand opening , okay .  so how about we go for the 20 , 000 is that okay for you ?  it just seems like , i mean , i only wanted to spend 10 , 000and i think i have more .i'm going to have more startup costs than you as far as products and things because i think you'll be able to bring a lot of that from before and so now , i mean , what are you thinking about decoration ?  so mostly on like the front of the building .  yeah , cause there 's so many liquor and grocery stores nearby we have to have something outstanding and by their first glance they don 't know the quality of the goods inside .  they're pretty much attracted by the outside looking , thinking about that .  yeah , i'm just , see it 's , it 's twice as much as what i want to spend and that 's only $10 , 000 less than what you want to spend .  i mean , is there anyway you can do 15 , 000 and maybe we could open a little earlier or something ?  well for now , yeah , i guess i could go a little earlier on the renovation costs .  so i can compensate this by bringing more from my old store cause i think for the next two items , i need more of your support .  so yeah , i agree to 15 , 000 for the final .  okay .  okay .  so how much space do you want ?  floor space , i would like to have 40% .  how do you think ?  40% ?  yeah .  well yeah , i was trying to think of like , you know , we never shared the space so i was trying to think like , if you have you're going to have less room because of course , you can stock wine and things like that , and of course we talked about  our referidgeration units .  40% ...  i don 't know what that means for rent .  i'm a little unsure about that quite yet .  i'm not sure either , until i do the research on the rent .  yeah , exactly .  um , yeah , again , like , you know , i you compromised on the last one and i can , i'll need your support on some of these other onesso i think 40/60 is fine .  i got 60 , you got 40 .  good .  thank you .  alright , so temperature settings .  well , you know , this is the key thing for us , for the liquor and wine cause that 's the thing that 's most important for us to keep the quality of the wine , liquorso i will like to have the 65 degree as our room temperature .  is that for like , outside room temperature ?  are you going to have referidgeration units or ?  well we have referidgeration units but not all our liquor and wine will in the referidgerator .  we still have a lot of stuff outside the referdigerator unit so the temperature is the key for us .  what 's the highest temperature you can go without spoiling your products ?  well i guess 65 degrees is the line , i cannot go beyond that .  you can 't ?  no , this is the one i really need your support because that 's the key for us .  i mean , my main concern is that keeping , especially with d.c .  summers , keeping it in a big place like this , condition at 65 degrees is going to be really really really expensive .  yeah , i know that , i understand thatbut i think for you for the goods in the grocery store , you also need lower temperature to keep them fresh .  well , my goods , i , most of my goods can stay , they're fine up to like 75 degreesi always try i always try to keep things as high as i can you know to save us much money on heating and air conditioning things , so 65 just seems like it 's really expenditure on the .yeah , i know that but think about like i'll have referidgeration units for my stuff that needs to stay colder , so that 's something you could do as well , is have compartments where , you know , you can have things that need to stay colder , colder .  but we still have lots of things that cannot go into the referidgerator units .  we have to keep the room temperature .  i consulted with the expertise in wine liquor and they said this is critical .  i know but you can have a unit that stays at 65 degrees just like a unit that keeps my stuff that needs to be below room temperature , below room temperature .  but that would cost me another big amount of money and i am thinking that we could share the space .  if we both have to do it , we could share the space that keeps things at a particular temperature .  because my vegetables , i'll need to keep them around 65 degrees .  but those other things that absolutely don 't need to be in the cold , and it 's just the way my way to keep everything that cold if we can have one unit and if we're really you knowif we want to split the bill in half then may be we can have that shared space that run down the middle and have one side each .  okay , that sounds like a good idea but it 's still not as good to me as the 65 degrees .  how about this ?  since we have one item left , the grand opening date , i guess we have disagreement on that , so maybe we can you know , arrange these two items .  together ?  yeah , can i go for the 65 degrees as temperature and you do whatever grand opening date you want ?  um , if i get whatever grand opening date that i wantbecause it'll it'll take awhile to get things ready , i'm really concerned about that , because i need to go abroad and you know , talk to some , talk to some specialty products peoplei really  even 67 degrees will probably save us at least 10 , 000 a year .  yeah but think about the renovation cost .  you saved how much ?  i only save 5000 because we're going to compromise the 20 , 000 , and i've only saved you know just 5000 .  yeah but i'm going down from 30 , 000 to 15 , 000 and i'm supporting you .  well i'm going from 75 degrees to 67 degrees .  well we don 't need the exact amount of money we need for the air conditioning .  no , we don 't but the renovation cost is something that it 's just , it 's not as important .  like , the renovation cost , it 's an upfront cost but temperature , if we agree on this and we continue business for the next 20 years , it 's something that 's going to impact you know , it 's more important than like an upfront renovation cost .  so what if we did , how about , we go up to 20 , 000 for renovation , we could go 67 for the temperature , and i can pick the grand opening date ?  okay , let me see what is your grand opening date ?  i would prefer september 1stthe earliest i can do is august 1st .  okay , then let 's do august 1st , 67 august 1st , 67 , 20 , 000 yeah , how about that ?  sounds great!yeah , i do actually use the summer time in august , the last month of summer .  well , everyone 's coming back and it 's a good time to open a new store .  yeah , the back to school days is good thing for us .  okay , i think we're done .  we're done!good , good!look forward to working together should i get the door ?  okay .  alright .  so , what are your interests ?  um , let 's see .  so apparently i'm dealing with the wine shop here and you got the grocery store .  um , let 's see .  so let 's discuss hours of operation , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , and grand opening .  that , i presume , those are the exact same concerns you are dealing with .  if not then it 's their problem , not ours .  but anyway , so first of all , i can tell what my priorities .  i would say that the opening date is very important to mebecause you know , i understand wine store is a little bit small in size right ?  i have to buy stuff , i have to buy stuff , but for the grocery store , i have to train , you know , the size of my grocery store is , i have more things to manage before it opens so i don 't know if you , you know , do you want to talk about this first or ?  okay , i presume , like you want to , you prefer to have a later date ?  yeah .  well , okay .  yeah , so , i mean , we can discuss the other things also .  well , we can start with that , like , what do you think of a july 1st date maybe like ?  how oh that 's going to kill me .  i won 't have enough time to start by that date .  oh really ?  so , like , well so much for may 1st .  hmm .  okay ..it 's going to kill you .  that 's going to kill me for sure .  you go to these stores , shop at giant , you know , people have to prepare for longer period .  alright , well , there 's some difference between your concerns .  what about in terms of floor space ?  like you're right that having a smaller floor space is good for me .  i assume that having a grocery store , you need to have a little more space .  that 's right .  okay , well , what would you think of , like 60/40 arrangement where you get 60% and i get 40% ?  cause i do , like i will need , maybe i know it 's smaller than a grocery store but i will need some room to be able to have all supplies that i do have .  60/40 ?  yeah , you'll get 60% and i will get 40% .  okay , yeah , that 's not too bad .  of course of course , you know , i think i can compensate the smaller space with the opening date a little bit .  so if you can , we can start , opening say september , then i can split the floor 60/40 , do you think that 's a good outcome ?  i think that , that 'd probably be okay , yeah .  so i guess that means we have two of them done .  like so we agree , like , i get 40% of floor space and you get the september grand opening date ?  yeah .  alright .  okay .  so , i'm guessing that another bone of contention is probably going to be the temperature .  i don 't know for me like you know , i have a lot of wine , like i gotta have like a lower temperature there .  however much i might try to make an argument for there being a like , you know , cooler temperature which is good for produce as well , i'm assuming that you know , such arguments don 't work when you have right in front of you the amount that you so is , for temperature then , like what would you see as a good outcome for that for you ?  like what sort of temperature do you want ?  i think i can i understand you want , you want the lower temperatureand i 'd like to , we can do some balance between i can sacrifice on the temperature because i know it 's critical to you , but i want to get compensated by , for the other , rest , the other issues .  maybe we can , i think we can talk about it together and make a deal out of it .  well , let 's see , of the remaining three , which one is most critical to you ?  yeah , i think , well , i would say that hours of operation and temperature are as critical to me as , same critical to me .  so we can probably do some balance between hours and temperature .  okay .  how do you feel about renovation costs ?  well we can , i mean i will do just i can do trade for renovation because it 's less important to me .  okay .  um , alright .  so alright .  so how are we going to do that .  do you think , i mean , it may , it might sound a little bit crazy but do you think we can open from 6:30 to 6:30 , am , 6:30 am to 6:30 pm ?  i think that would kill me .  i understand .  it 's essentially a liquor store , so the evening business is the biggest part for me .  yeah , that 's true .  like , so the later it 's going to be the better of like , it 's hours of operation is a little more important to me than temperature as well .  like , i 'd rather have a little bit later than i would of the temperature .  i agree but i think we should find a balance .  is renovation cost a pretty major concern for you as well ?  not really .  really ?  cause that has a pretty major thing for mebecause apparently , i , from what i read in my packet , i hate the floor space , like i have the way it looksand i want to renovate it quite a bit .  i would like to spend quite a bit on that .  yeah but , i mean , we can do a sort of a grand place between the three .  right , okay so so you can , i mean , okay , how about this choice ?  alright .  how about this..okay , 7:30 to 7:30 , renovation 20 , 000 , temperature 71 i probably would have gone , hours of operation 9:30 to 9:30 , renovation costs , like closer to 25 , and then temperature like 67 .  wow .  yeah , i guess we are both choosing from the top , the second item from the top in both columns ?  yeah , like , so i think both of us gave a little bit on ideally if i got , if i got whatever i wanted , i would want to get 10:30 to 10:30 , 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , and if i understand the way in which this is set up , you want the exact opposite .  yeah .  so i mean , choosing the middle one is not necessarily optimal for both of us choosing the middle one because we have different weights in different columns .  right .  so , i mean let 's put it this way .  it 's better for me to have a higher renovation cost than it is for hours of operation or temperature .  like i would rather spend the maximum on renovation cost and give a bit on both of those .  okay , yeah .  how about this ?  let me give up the lower issue .  okay .  then give me a full temperature which is 73 , then hours , then hours , say still , 7:307:30 , you agree ?  let 's see what about like the same thing but 8:30 to 8:30 on hours of operation , if you could push yeah because renovation thing , a little .i 'd totally give it up , basically with 0 points .  so i want to have more , compensated on hours of operation .  okay , okay .  let 's see then , so you're saying 73 .  cause i mean like going all the way on temeperature does make me lose it 's not a significant concern .  that 's true , okay how we do this .  give up , give up renovation costs , i lower my temperature 2 degrees which means 71 , then start from 7:30 to 7:30 .  is that a good choice ?  let 's see how does that work out ?  this actually makes me feel like a business man , crunching numbers .  hmm .  i mean , hmm .  what if we , what if i gave you back the full temperature and we agree to open at 8:30 ?  how about you can turn down the temperature ?  hours of operation makes more difference to me than temperature .  well , if that works..okay , let 's , let 's do this .  i will make it personal .  i agree , full temperature 73 degrees , i give up my renovation costs 30 , 000 , then , we start from 8:30 to 8:30 .  deal ?  wine , deal .  okay so that gives us , like , in the middle on hours of operation 8:30 to 8:30 , i basically grab the renovation costs , we do the 60/40 floor space , i give you the temperature , and i give you the grand opening date .  hmm .  alright then , yeah .  yeah , okay!we're done!i guess we're done .  deal!deal!deal!okay .  nice to meet you .  nice to meet you .  so since we will have shops under the same roof , so have five issues to negotiate .  uhhuh , the same ones .  so i think from the very beginning , hours of operation ?  okay , that one 's pretty important to me , i want to be open from 10:30 am to 10:30pm .  ahh , but you know , i'm selling something people will get as breakfast , so if past 6 or somethingpeople already out there , they want to have something to eat so from 10 , i will just miss a lot of my money or something , so .  i see , we have a four hour gap there .  do we want to go on and talk about the others and see how far apart our interests are or go one by one ?  maybe one by one is okay because if we are talk about all the issues in the same time , you're going to miss out .  wine , that 's true , that 's true .  um , okay , i would say this is a pretty important , this is one of the more important issue for me .  so is that , is it also an important issue for you ?  the hours of operation ?  yesbecause you know , people always  have this kind of thing as breakfast , right , so it should be quite early in the morningand i  think no later than 7 .  well , i could see it going earlier to say , 9:30 to 9:30pm , because other liquor stores , they tend to be open pretty late at night so we don 't want to be , to close too early because that 's when people tend to go buy .  mmm , but , but will you get up ?  you only have a cup of coffee and have some break right ?  .  and you go to work and bring something .  if you don 't have that kind of breakfast , you can 't start one day of work , and i think that 's pretty important for everyone to have a very fresh start , right ?  you should have breakfast , don 't you ?  i think that is important , yes .  you still get up early and drive to the place , and school or company or something but you should have something like coffee , bread , bagel , doughnut , anything .  i think that the problem is that if it closes at 7:30 , then that means it 's going to be missing all the people who would be tending to go out in the evenings .  it 's a liquor store , it 's not a bar .  people just go there to buy something , not sitting there and have fun .  i think it 's a..there 's something slightly different from bar or something .  so okay .  you only go out and buy some beer or wine , and go back , and have dinner with them right ?  or have party , the party begins no later than 7 or 8 or something .  it 's not that late to till 10 o'clock , because that place where people get together , it 's a place to selling liquor , wine or something .  it 's just to shop , it 's not a park .  that 's true but the problem is that a lot of people , just before they go to a party , they go in and they buy wine and they go the party might have started .  really ?  that does happen sometimes , yeah .  i'm just pretty sure that liquor stores in general tend to operate pretty late and i think it 's to catch the crowds that go get liquor late for parties and that sort of thing so it 's hard .  well i'll be willing to compromise to 8:30 to 8:30 .  okay , i think so because okay .  the second issue okay , the renovation cost .  i care a lot about this particular issue .  i want to spend as much as possible in renovationbecause in the dupont circle area , we care a lot about image .  so how much would you like to offer or something ?  well , i just want it to be as high as possible .  as high as possible ?  as high as possible , so 30 , 000 would be ideal .  oh!but i mean as a shop , we're selling things , we're just selling liquor , food , and we're selling our customer service , and i think , it might be fun to have some decoration around , but i don 't think it 's that importantbecause since i know some place where they have very good decoration but people do not go there very often because they have very bad good customer service .  so i think , my point is if we can provide good food , liquor , and we can provide good customer service , people will come herebecause you know , there 's some very small places , they're not so beautiful , they're not so seem nice , but people go there because they provide good things so .  so , it just might be a needless expense .  yes , including a 6 star hotel .  not many people can afford right ?  so if you spend too much money on that , maybe you might have to spend your liquor much more expensive or something .  i'm not so sure but it will add money to the it depends on how many people it'll attract and i am predicting it will attract many .  so do you want to spend 10 , 000 on that or ?  10 , 000 well which amount would you prefer ?  i mean , if you could .  if you could have anything you want .  15 , 000 , i can 't afford because okay , well i 'd go down to 25 , 000 ?  why not choosing the mean value of that cause since i'm selling some food and although under the same roof but do you still think it 's impossible to that much , to enhance the environment to sell food better ?  cause if i were the customer , i 'd go to place , and i have very good food , i'll remember good service , i will remember the place and tell about the place to my friends .  so i think the most important two things to me is service and their , the things they are selling , it 's not the decoration .  still , i'm of the opinion that the clientele , particularly in the dupont circle area are really sort of the richer trendier types , and it means a lot to them that the store looks nice on the outside and at the very least , it'll start attracting customers into the store at the very beginning when it opens , so i think it 's already interesting to have two shops under the same roof right ?  darn it .  um , okay .  well this is a very important issue for both of us so i don 't know .  i would have to suggest again to compromise and do the middle road which would be 20 , 000 .  okay .  okay .  okay .  we're not a very happy couple of stores .  okay .  floor space ?  i think cause i'm selling a variety of different things so i need a little bit more space than you to display this kind of productsso maybe more than one half , a little bit more like 60 or 70 is okay for me .  i just need to display because they have different shape , different color or something .  i can 't be compressing into one book , it 's impossible right ?  so i just need some place to display them .  i agree that groceries take up more space and i don 't need so much space .  i think my ideal amount would be 40% .  40% , so mine is 60% right ?  yours , you said 60 ?  i need 60 or 70 .  wine , 60 or 70 .  yeah .  okay , um let 's see .  60 or 70 .  would you prefer 70 to 60 or. .  because i prefer 40% .  you prefer , you need 40% , so i need 60% then good .  agree ?  that 's a good one! i'm shocked!it 's not a fight .  we just negotiate here .  okay , here comes another important issue , temperature for us .  cause we're selling different thing , they need to be stored under different temperatures .  to me , the best thing , the best temperature 's 73 degreesbecause it can keep the food fresh meanwhile we can just save money on electricity bill .  what do you like ?  well unfortunately , my wine 's best stored at lower temperatures , so i prefer 65 degrees .  oh , 65 ?  !that 's quite a range .  what 's a normal temperature , 65 ?  i thought people you know , store liquor in refridge..in referidgerator or something ?  yeah , some of them are stored in the fridge .  yeah , so maybe you can store..maybe , i think most stores , shops sell liquor in the referidgerator or something and use a special instrument to store them , not the room temperature .  to me , i just place those food in the normal space , not in some special instrument .  so the room temperature is important but i don 't know , maybe to you , you just need something else to protect , for example , to give them a better taste or something ?  yeah , i think that they they need to have , to be generally be stored at lower temperatures so that the to perserve the taste or something like that .  so i wouldn 't want to be putting all of them in the fridge if i can help itbecause that would be a big expense .  all i really need to do is to be about 65 degrees and that would be the ideal .  that 's too much , that 's a big difference .  it 's a big culprit .  so we have to compromise to some extent , right ?  .  if you just put all the same , put everything under that temperature , electricity bill will be unaffordable and we share that ...  we share that many expense .  it wouldn 't be such a bad thing in the winter , just in the summer .  right .  during the winter we can put everything outside .  we should keep the room out .  hmm .  so , we are once again , polarized here .  to save time , i will go for the middle ground again .  okay , 69 ?  uhhuh .  okay .  i think my wines won 't spoil there .  so the final big issue , the grand opening date .  ahh , we have to talk a little bit more on this issuecause as i always insist , the most important thing for the shop is their product and their customer service , so i insist that we should hire some new person , new people and train them and only through this kind of method can be provide good customer service cause we whould be special .  we should be very special to give the best service to the customers so ...   and also , i want the grand opening date to be a very special datebecause i ordered something from abroad , so we still need some time .  i think september 1st is ideal day but , so what 's your opinion ?  well , i'm all pretty much ready to go .  i have everything in storage , i have my people trained i guess , and i'm ready to go as soon as possible .  all ready to go , you have old people and new people ?  ahh , they must have transferred from another store .  yeah , they still need time .  yeah , so i prefer to the earliest date .  maybe i can use , maybe i can use airmail or something to get the things faster but i still need because i have no i haven 't hired the people yet so it 's impossible because if you open your shop , i'm still not ready so , can you please ?  so if i can open august 1st cause i really need time to train them .  i think time to trian your employees but still in the meanwhile , i'm going to be waiting a month for , i have all my things ready and i'm ready to start making money so i'm not willing to go too far in this .  so maybe june 1st ?  you know , we hire people , we asked them to go through interviews , and it 's a very long process .  we decide which one can go , we have to train them , and they must behave get used to a team , to work together , and get familiar with all kinds of things because you know , selling things if they know much better about the product or history or anything , they will serve the customer better so i don 't think it'll be enough time cause okay , well , hmm .  i already have some people who have been trained .  they sell different things .  true , they are wine experts but still , they can move between stores if necessary .  they certainly have time , extra time to prepare for it because they won 't be working in the month , well they would be if i was giving them extra training essentially .  they still need time .  they need a little time .  they would have the month between may 1st and june 1st and that would be probably enough to get used to the grocery store instead of the wine store .  so how about july 1st then ?  okay .  okay .  ready ?  nice to meet you! , my name is laura .  my name is junnan .  , junnan ?  yeah .  nice to meet you .  , so you are the ye old yeah , i'm the manager of the ye old wine shop , and you are the manager ?  , and i have a question for you .  what will you sell in your shop ?  , lots of different things .  it'll be kind of like a grocery store , fruits and vegetables , dairy , meat , bread , everything , just , a lot of like , prepared stuff also ,  , what kinds of wine are you just going to sell wine or are you going to sell different kinds of liquor , or what are you going to be selling ?  , wine , yeah , the , most of them wine .  , wine , pizza , hot dogs  , yeah , maybe a little salad ?  , it kind of overlaps with some of the things i'll going to sell like salads and stuff , but we'll just make sure to have different kinds .  , yeah , okay , that 's nice .  , we have five issues ?  , yeah , five issues , which , where would you like to start ?  , of course , hours of operation .  , i don 't think if we can do that , i didn 't think to ask that .  , yeah , because , yeah i think then you will close as early as possible and  , and you can stay open as late as possible .  , yeah , i can stay and pay the last few hours myself .  , of electricity , okay .  , i don 't know if we can do that or not .  , maybe we should come back to that one then .  ,  ,  , maybe when she sticks her head in we can ask her then .  , so renovation costs ?  , okay , i personally would like , the building needs a little bit of work .  , i think it 's also good for you to have a good environment .  , oh , definitely .  , so , um , what 's how many dollars , how much dollars ?  , yeah , i want to spend as much as possible .  , like were you thinking 20 , 000 ?  i want to spend 25 , 000 .  you want to spend 25 ?  yeah .  okay , maybe we can meet in the middle somewhere on that .  , in the middle ?  , how about if okay , i want to spend 10 and you want to spend 25 ,  , i thought we were going to wait on that one .  , yeah , yeah , yeah .  , okay .  , i know that because you know , the temperature from morning to the afternoon you know ?  , yeah yeah , maybe i can give some degrees to you .  , okay .  , okay , okay , i will mmm .so i will give up 2 degrees if you can give me renovation costs to 25 , 000 .  , okay .  i agree to give up 3 degrees to win the 25 , 000 .  , how many , what degrees are you looking at , how many degrees are you thinking ?  , that 's true , it is important .  , yeah , it 's really important .  , so what , what 's the definitely important issue to you , except the temperature ?  , my other important issue is the opening date .  , opening date , okay .  , yeah , yeah , yeah .  , my god , so late! , but you know , when you do the training , the best training is on the real job .  , that 's true , that 's true , but i think to a degree , they need to get some background .  , so , but this is , this is a condition to win the $25 , 000 .  , what , what , august 1st is ?  , yeah , august 1st and temperature and the 69 degrees together , i mean .  , i can do the 25 if we can do 71 degrees .  , but i have already give up august 1st , you know .  , i thought you wanted , you said you wanted august 1st .  , yeah , no no no no no .  , i thought because you mentioned august 1st , that was your ideal start date because that 's what you had said .  , no , that 's the worst , worst date i can give you .  , okay , let me see .  , the grand opening date , that was an important issue to you , i understand that .  , yeah , it 's also very important .  , yeah , i mean , temperature and grand opening date .  , well , temperature is not ideal for me either , ideally , i would like it 73 .  , yeah , of course , i prefer 65 .  , right , right .  , okay , let me ask you a question .  , okay .  , what 's your most important you think , among the five issues .  , so , i have given up two most important issues for you .  , okay , i recognize the grand opening date , what 's the other one ?  , yeah , now i have a idea that so we have settled down renovation and temperature right ?  , right , and the grand opening date .  , what do you mean ?  , i mean , the second important issue to you and second important issue to me together .  , so hours of operation is your second important ?  , 30 ?  30% .  , okay , so we start with the hours ?  okay , we can start with the hours , that 's fine .  well , i prefer 6:30 to 6:30 .  well , people normally buy alcohol later in the evening right , and not at 6:30 in the morning .  usually it 's coffee at 6:30 in the morning .  yeah , that 's why , cause i sell some breakfast stuff .  oh , you sell breakfast ?  yeah , that 's why i can 't open really late .  right , right .  and most alcohol is not consumed until , well , it depends where you are , but usually , it 's a little later in the evening .  i prefer i mean , i see your point with wanting to open , open early .  but , i mean , of course i prefer to stay open until 9:30 , probably .  9:30 ?  and you already have well , 9:30 to 9:30 will be too late for breakfast .  well , right , yeah .  so i guess we need to pick something in betweenlike 7:30or 8:30 .  well if those are the only two options , i 'd definitely lean more towards the 8:30 option .  sure , well let 's , let 's leave this open , say 7:30 or 8:30and then we can go to the next one .  okay .  we can come back .  so the renovation costs , well i would prefer 10 , 000 .  what 's your ?  i would go with probably about twice that , if not a little bit more .  i think we're gonna to make the store look better for both of us , takes investing a little bit more money to begin with .  it'll help us attract more customers if the store looks you know , a certain way .  that if we invest a little more money , of course we both have inputs in what we want to be renovated .  i think we could have , get more customers if it looks much nicer .  yeah , i see your point .  i mean if we get more , well it 's important for , for food too .  if people need gourmet food shop and it looks pretty well , i think i can , i can take a step back up the well you know , if i can get better deals on other items .  you know , i'm more flexible with this one .  right , well , you're going to make it back .  yeah , i'm , i'm mostly concerned about the time , the hours of operation and the grand opening date , that 's my most important issues .  the floor space i would prefer with the amount of inventory i have , probably about 40% .  40% ?  mmm , so i'll take 60% , that 's good .  would that work for you ?  yes .  well we came to an agreement on that!yes , and the temperature ?  like , certain wines , i need it to be a certain temperature .  obviously , i'm not going to have a referidgerator and for a lot of grocery stores in general are pretty chilly , so i would go pretty much colder the better .  i know that 's going to increase on air conditioning costs but you also have referidgerated items too that would make your referidgerator work not quite as hard if your air condtioner is up a little bit higher .  well , i do have a lot of grocery items which do not need low temperature , so the best for me is 73 degrees .  i guess for you it 's lower ?  it would be yeah , quite a bit lower .  i 'd probably be happy with 67 degrees that 's 6 degrees cooler .  i think it would make , it 'd make your , you're going to have some referidgerated items and you'll probably have some cheese or produce or something like that but that need to be kept colder .  i would think that the cost on maintaining your referidgerators would be lower if the ambient temperature in the building is lower .  okay , let 's see , how about the grand opening date ?  well , obviously the earlier the betterbecause the sooner you can get people in your store , the more money you're going to make in the long run .  oh , for me , the problem is , i need to order something from other countries far awayand also i need to train employees , so that takes some time .  so for me , it 's the later the better .  i see we have different schedules here .  right , right .  it would be nice knowing exactly what today is .  you know in september , if that 's where we are really , and we have until may , cause i would think that between september and may , you can get stuff from other countries , so i guess a lot has to do with on what we assume today is .  i mean , if we assume today is you know , february 1st , then i would understand that may 1st would not work .  i mean , that would make sense to me but i think you know , just given in this chart i would guess that we're supposed to be at today , because if september 1st would give an entire year .  i mean , that would be , that would be a guess , i'm not sure .  mmm well for the study , they're not really considering the current date .  well , i know , but then , we 'd like to know .  right , right .  so may 1st .  well , the thing is i see is that the sooner you open the more money you're going to make because that 's 30 days of income .  it 's really hard if you open that early because i still need so many things for preparation , so hmm .  well i mean , i can be a little flexible on that , it doesn 't have to be may 1st .  i 'd still , i 'd still like maybe juneor july .  june or julyaugust ?  that 's too far .  well i tell you what .  if you let me keep the store at 67 degrees , i'll open on august 1st .  hmm .  67 degrees .  well okay .  is that going to work ?  so 67 degrees and hmm .  how about this , hours of operation 7:30 , is that okay for you ?  i still got to be really early .  i i 'd probably can do 8:30 .  yeah , no .  8:30 then how about 69 degrees ?  69 degrees , 8:30 , august 1st .  wine , this is fun , i really like this .  i'm like okay , let 's see .  let 's see .  i would go with 8:30 , $20 , 000 in renovation costs , 67 degrees and august 1st .  hmm .  or , we can go okay let 's do this: 8:30 , $25 , 000 in renovation costs , 67 degrees and september 1stif that 's the most if that 's a very critical thing for you .  yeah , it is very important to me .  so i think yeah!you think you can do that ?  so that would be september 1st , 67 degrees , 25 , and 8:30 .  mmm .  i 'd still really like it to be earlier but i guess , yeah , i can do that .  yeah , agreement!alright!that didn 't take very long!let 's see we're 10 minutes early!okay , great!it was very nice doing business with you .  yes .  wow , if we can agree on this , i think we're going to work pretty well together!so yeah , i think they intentionally got the difficult charts for us .  so we're like on different schedule all the time , well except for floor space .  yeah .  alright , i guess we need to tell lynn .  okay , nice to meet you .  yeah .  let 's get to the business .  the first one is hours right ?  what 's your proposal ?  i'm looking for 6:30 to 6:30 .  are you kidding me ?  6:30 ?  who get up this early to buy grocery ?  if you , i mean , if you think about , think about this for yourself , you are , you are late right , because you can 't , you can 't get up early .  that 's what usual people do .  it 's , it 's not reasonable to open at 6:30 , i can 't do that .  what time do you want to open ?  okay i propose after 9 ?  i can 't because i want to close after 9because you know , some people get back from work late at night and they want to buy some food , buy some liquor .  if , if you think of my business especially for , for the alcohol people won 't , won 't buy them in the day time .  they usually , you know , have party at night .  okay , well if i give you 9 , we're going to have to go the other way on one of these other options .  okay , okay .  i'll be willing to take 8:30 .  okay , so we settled on with this one or we just .  okay , let 's go through all the , all the items first then we can maybe trade something for something else .  sure .  okay .  renovation how much do you think we should spend ?  i'm looking at 15 , 000 .  15 , 000 .  okay , i think the speed of the money should be depend on the space that each of us occupyis that correct ?  see if the total is certain money then if i occupy half of the space then i should share half of the cost .  is that far is that fair for you ?  we're talking about total cost here , not yeah , total cost .  also , i'm combining the floor space in the consideration because that way we'll determine the final cost for each of us right ?  so what 's your offer here on i would like to take 40% of the space .  no , get back to renovation cost .  no , no no .  i mean , i actually combined them together .  okay , alright .  so you want to take 40% ?  well , let 's see here .  if i take 40% then i can accept anything above 20 , 000 .  i'm actually looking to minimize costs here , so so you're saying you're okay , so how about this ?  no , no , it 's not really correct .  let me think of let me calculate .  how about this ?  i'll take 60% of the space but i want the total cost to be 30 , 000 .  that will be only nine , 9000 for you , if you calculate it , because your share is 30%yeah , total cost should be shared by each of us , yeah .  i mean , the total cost is this amount .  right .  i'm looking to minimize the cost .  you're looking to minimize your cost right ?  no , it 's the total cost .  this is only one cost .  if it 's 10 , 000 , it 's 10 , 000 for both of us , that means it 's no , no , no .  it 's not for both of usyeah , it 's for both of us .  right .  so you wanted the 30 , 000 right ?  yeah .  that 's 30 , 000 for person so 60 , 000 ?  no , no , no no .  let me review the options because my understanding is that the total cost for that 's for the total store right ?  we share the store .  right .  okay , so we share the cost , right ?  no , but it doesn 't work like that .  we're setting a price on cost and it 's separate from floor space .  i mean , you can 't say that if the cost is 30% for you then you only pay 3000 .  okay .  if we're going to do it can 't be lower .  it can 't be lower than that ?  then the most i'm going to have to take up 70% of the space then .  okay , you take 70% of the space but i want to do 25 , 000 .  okay .  so i i'm gonna go on 25 , 000 and i'm gonna go for 70% of the space .  okay , that 's 30% for me right , okay .  no , 70% , that'll be 70% for you , right ?  for me , yeah .  yeah , and 30% for me .  right .  okay .  temperature .  okay , i'm just looking to save on the ac here , electricity costsso i'm looking at 73 degrees to start with , that 's why .  i can 't sell liquor in this , liquor in this temperature you know ?  i got to save them in the cold environment .  let 's say 67 .  okay .  you want 67 ?  67 is very comfortable you know ?  mmmhmm .  do you feel this way ?  it might be comfortable but it 's also i 'd be willing to split it at 69 or we're going to have to go my way on the , on the grand opening .  okay , we'll leave this okay .  leave this alone and grand opening date i'm looking as late as possible .  i gotta buy speciality items and staff to train .  okay , i understandbut i think we can , like , you can just buy some necessary stuff and we can just open and you continue to buy your stuff and complete it .  so i'm looking at june the 1st opening .  here , why don 't we relate these two .  temperature , i can go to 67 degrees if you're willing to go to august 1st .  no .  no ?  okay , i'll go for 69 degrees , i'll go for july 1st .  no .  no ?  no .  i'll stay with 67 if we can open at july .  if we open at july .  hmm , i don 't know .  i yeah , also just think of my argument before about the temperature .  that 's the temperature for the whole year .  well i have no idea how much it 's going to costand i've already looked into that so i can delay the opening buti can 't increase the temperature .  okay .  67 is the lowest .  okay , 67 , i 'd be willing take actually , 65 is the optimal one for me but i would like to i'll go for 65 if you go for , if you go for august .  august ?  okay , okay!that 's fine .  let 'd do this , august and 65 , is fine for me .  is that fine for you , are you sure ?  yeah .  okay , okay .  let 's , let 's review the items .  okay .  the hours of operation is from 9:30 to 9:30 , right ?  no , we didn 't really decide that .  we just decided we'll leave that .  so we did decide renovation cost would be 25 , 000 .  the floor space would be 70% for you and 30% for me , temperature is 65 , opening date august , is that correct ?  okay , go back to the hours .  why don 't we just split it down the middle , you know ?  oh , 9:30 to 9 it 's pretty reasonable if you think of the way of daily life .  what time do you get up ?  what time you go to work ?  i mean , i've done the market analysis here .  i mean , i have a good idea of what people are going to be buying , coffee , bagels , things like that in the morning , so nobodyhow many people go grocery shopping at 9:30 ?  but they also will buy these in the evening in the late night .  no , i don 't think so .  i mean let me just think about it for a second here .  yeah , 8:30 is too early for me .  also for people who want to drink , drink something or eat something at night , your store is going to closed at 8:30 .  the night life just begins after 9 .  here 's a deal , here 's what i'll do .  okay , tell me .  i will take 8:30 or we're going to have to renegotiate one of these other options here .  i'll give you 8:30 if we increase the renovation cost .  to 30 , 000 ?  yeah , 30 , 000 .  sure , that works for me .  okay .  let 's review again .  8:30 to 8:30 , 30 , 000 on the renovation cost , 70% for me and 30% for you , 65 degrees august 1st .  hi .  well , nice to meet you .  nice to meet you .  so , i guess the first thing is first .  we should talk about what 's going on .  i'm really excited about moving into this new location .  hopefully , we'll get a lot more business this way .  yeah , same thing .  i think it 's a good idea to share the you know , the grocery store and the wine store in the same room , and share the space and things .  and i think in dupont circle , this will definitely attract a lot of attention .  yeah , exactly .  by the way , what you said attract people , by walk or by car , what do you think is the most importance ?  for my opening , renovation is probably the you know , the very big concern for us , how to attract people .  so do you have any idea , you know , trying to i think since you know , we're wine , kind of market is present some highlevel .  i think what we put together should give people the passion you know , you provide very high quality foods and grocery .  i think every people want to see that immediately , even when they only buy wine , they immediately thought okay , next store or next space , the grocery is going to be the wonderful .  i don 't need to go somewhere else to get fresh food , groceries , so i think for  the renovation , i have idea , if you look for the longrun , definitely we're going to get back the money .  so i don 't want you know , cost money on this , try to you know , give some people bad impression because partially you know , have two things together , like the cost things together .  so i'm thinking i'm not lenient on renovationbut i agree with you , you want to spend a lot of money on the food , preparing things , but i think we have to find some way so we you know , both going to be satisfied .  sure , sure .  i mean , i , i could see , i guess , i could see now a way to spending a little more on the renovation but in that case , just because of all the stuff i may be bringing in from out of state and everything , maybe it would be possible for , i don 't know if you've thought about how much , how we're going to divide the store upbut i was thinking that it would be better for me if i were able to spread outbecause just my , my inventory is so diverse that i really want to be able to kinda present in a , in a more spare fashion .  i don 't like the look of like the convenience store where things are piled right on top of each other , so maybe if i could get a larger portion of the store , like about 60% of the floor plan , then maybe i could , i could definitely see a way to spending more on the renovations to kind of so that way it'll kind of even out for me at least .  yeah , i think i agree with you .  60% , i think that 's , that 's kind of reasonable , because grocery store , you need so many , you know , different goods and you have to divide .  i agree with you on that , no problem .  okay , so how much would you like to spend i guess on the , renovations ?  renovation , i think i can take that 's only my present opening , i take the 30k , cause i think that 's you know the dupont circle , and with the you know , beautiful buildings there , we have to be like unique , and also we have to want people you know , to . .  , as long as they past d.c .  around dupont circle , they immediately point , okay , that 's where we want to go .  yeah .  so i'm not sure you know , if you want to chip in ?  no i mean that , i think i can do that , i think we can do that .  i mean if , as long as i have more space to spread out my goods , i think i would be okay with i i could definitely see my way to spending the 30 , 000 , so i can do that .  okay , that 's great .  i guess we should also , we should probably decide now that none of nothing is final until we actually say it at the end .  yeah , exactly .  just in case , so yeah .  so we can yeah , both discuss our other issues .  i guess for me , the most , the absolute important number 1 thing for me is thatbecause again , i have to collect all these things from far away , my other stores , i haven 't really , we don 't have a lot of inventory to spare my other stores .  so i'm not sure when you would like to open but i would definitely like to have alot of time to get all these goodsand i guess also for doing all these renovations will have to allow for some time .  but i think for me the earliest i'll be able to do it , or the earliest i 'd want to do with septemberbecause i've got , i just have all this time collecting all this goods and everything so i don 't know if i'll be able to really have my part of the store ready if it was any earlier than that .  have you thought about , that , things from september it 's too long , can we do like , you know , partially ?  so you still bring food in but we open earlier like the grand open i know for my experience from the wine , you know , but i also have some experience grocery store .  so sometime they do , like you know , you have the 60% of space so you probably focus on like 30% renovation of the outside done .  inside you already have 30% done , you put the food because you take time from outstate to here , and wine is set up and then we can grand open that , then we think the otherways , we can have some like , just , simple decoration and some food not for sale but for display .  give some people passion , this you know , store already started and attract the people to come .  when they come , they're going to have some more interest and we can talk to them and can probably bring much difference for them , so that 's what i'm thinking .  for grand the like , grand open , i agree with you , you need time , that 's the renovation and order the stuffbut my thinking is you also have to meet with customers .  so if we attract some people to come here and after we asked for some feedback and and if they have some expectation we didn 't provide , then in like the another 30% of space or like 10% of space , we can put something they want .  so maybe that 's good .  yeah .  yeah , i think opening time , yes , let me think about that because for you know , probably it 's too easy for me because wine store and the wine setup is much easier than you , yeah .  i need to think about that so yeah .  we have 15 minutes .  yeah .  how about the , the most concern of the two things is operating hours and temperature .  mmhmm .  that 's two i want to brought up because i have some grocery store experience .  you and the people you know , not go early to the shopping but after work , they're going to shop late , shopping later .  so that 's why i want to brought up some like operation hours things .  i'm not sure , do you have any idea what you can do for hours ?  well , in much the same way as all of these issues , i feel the exact opposite way .  well , my customers are i'm hoping we're going to have a little deli counter with bagels and cream cheese and coffee and so i guess about we're hoping to get about half of our business from the early morning shoppers , the people that are on their way to work , so not necessarily going grocery shopping but going to work and i guess stop and get some breakfast .  we're hoping to take way some of the crowd from that starbucks next doorso i guess for me , the earlier the better .  i had kind of hoped that we could open at basically a time when noone would be at work yet so as early as 6:30 but i mean , i wouldn 't mind opening a little later either i guess , most people don 't start working until 9so maybe if we opened at 7:30 that would be okaybut i i'm just i'm pretty , i'm pretty firm about the idea of having this kind of breakfast counter with the bagels and i don 't think that would do very well after 9 o'clock am for instance .  i don 't think we 'd get anyone to come in and get bagels and coffee whatever at 9 o'clock , i think .  yeah , well the nice thing about our breakfast meal is that coffee and bagels and cream cheese are really really easy to make and really cheap to buy , so it our profit margin , the kind of profit we're looking at from the breakfast crowd would be significantly higher than , than if we didn 't have the breakfast crowd at all .  so i don 't know , we were kind of hoping to make maybe 40% of our revenue off of just these breakfast foods and everything because like i said , we're next to starbucks but we're in dupont circle where a lot of people has this kinda antiestablishment feeling and probably feel guilty about going to starbucks and if we can take some of those customers away to come into our store , that would be i think would we would be able to get a good portion of our business from that .  yeah .  i think that one is just opposite of we , what i 'd thought , i 'd mentioned before .  see that 's well , i guess we can also , we can also talk about that closing time because you , i guess , if we're looking to stay open , if we're only going to be open for 12 hours , it 's clear that we definitely want to make sure that , cause i mean , i i can 't imagine someone coming in at 6:30 am and buying wine .  so i definitely understand the need to have the store open a little later too .  so if we my issue is just that i want to get the store open and running and have a few people in there before 9 o'clock , so i would love to have it open at 7:30 just for that one hour and a halfi was hoping we could really get a lot of people in there and also i mean , most people are out of work at 5:30 , 6 o'clock and so we'll still be open for that , that kinda wine shop thing and people could come in after work for grocery shopping too and they'll , they'll grab some wine and vice versa .  i'm sure you guys will bring in some clientele for me if we're still open at 7:30 .  yeah , but think about the like the traffic and instead of the dinner , some of the customers are going to go after work and come back to buy wine , just to buy wine .  i think 7:30 from 7:30 to 7:30 is still like a little bit earlier than what i thought , so and also the rational thing i'm not sure because you have experience in the grocery , i'm not quite but from my personal experience , i don 't think much crowded you know during that 12 hours , for example , 7 , 7:30 .  even if people are going to come like around , after work , if they're going to show up after work , around like , this , this portion of people around like 6:30 .  so if you only let them 1 hour to show up in probably you know , restrict that the that , i guess that 's kinda been true in surburan markets like out , out in the suburbs when people are driving to work but we're looking at , like the kind of people we're grabbing or at least i'm picturing our clientele , in dupont circle , you're not going to be driving to the grocery store anyway , there 's not parking lot , so i mean , the only way that they can even get there is , is by walking unless they took the metro of course as well but i mean , parking in dupont circle , the only time that you can really find a spot in dupont circle is exactly at 6:30 cause that 's when the parking restrictions are lifted .  so i mean parking , basically , i'm picturing our customers just either , either being those rare people who are driving through and see a spot at 6:30 and maybe they want to stop in for a minute .  these won 't be like , these won 't be long time shoppers .  these are going to be people that are going to be picking up a bottle of wine on a way to a friend 's party , and just not , you know , not going to be browsing for a long time .  and i mean , same thing , i think that people that are leaving , that are walking by are more likely to stop if they see us open when they're actually walking home from work rather than going home and then kinda resting up and then coming back out because we have kind of a young , you know , we have a young crowd that 's going to be out to bars and having fun with their friends , so , i don 't know so i'm kinda picturing our clientele to be the kind of person that would finish work and then they would stop if they saw the open and if it 's convenient but they wouldn 't necessarily go home and then come back .  yeah , yeah , that 's also true .  i'm thinking yeah , you mentioned one like cause of concern , like instead of go to bar and just you know buy wines , that 's also my concern .  see if you want to go buy , you can stay until midnight .  so for customers to just drop buy and buy a bottle of wine , it 's very convenient way just to walk and probably they already have fun you know at bar but they will still not be enjoying due to the time , kind of late , so they you know just buy wine and enjoying at home , so that 's why i'm most concerned if little bit late , it 's going to be very convenient to me .  well the other thing of course is about the , the wine sales is that in washington d.c .  you can only buy wine until 10p.m .  you can only buy liquor in grocery stores in washington d.c .  until 10pm .  so i think i mean , i think that are customers are pretty are probably already expecting this and they don 't i don 't think that the crowd in d.c .  goes to the and certainly goes shopping for wine in the late evening hours because they know about the restrictions and everything and i think that if we were well i can see an advantage to being the only , like one of the only stores open , i also think that we if we stayed open you know past kind of these late work hours , i think we might be one of the only stores in the entire area that 's still area so people aren 't going to expect anything , so i don 't know , i just can 't picture people being attracted to come out and go grocery and wine shopping much later than 7:30 or 7:30 o'clock or whatever .  i mean i guess know how you feel and you kind of feel how i feel so maybe we should move on again and restrict ourselves to our time , so i think we covered the four issues , even if we don 't have any agreement on the two .  what about the last one , the temperature ?  the temperature .  yeah , what do you think about the grocery store ?  i'll admit i'm not that experienced with wines so i'm not sure what the ideal temperature is for storage of 5 minutes ?  are you telling us it 's 5 minutes ?  okay , we know .  great .  yeah , and so my experience is that it 's you know , very low temperature gonna keep my wines you know good , and also gonna have people refreshing when they come inso i propose the lowest possible for the grocery store , what do you think ?  i guess for me , since i'll have a lot of my groceries in locked cases , referidg not locked but in referidgerated casesi was kind of expecting that the temperature should would be a little warmeronly , just to only to save some money cause i mean we're already spending a lot of money on renovations , and we're going to be , you know , i don 't know , if we're opening , the earlier we open kinda the i , i , i would just prefer to cause the earlier we open the more money we're already going to have to spend because it 's going to be summer and we'll have to worry about heat , heat air conditioning costsso i guess i would prefer to keep the temperature a little warmer than that , only for the sake of keeping the place , keeping the place above water in terms of the rent moneybut i do see the point for sure about the storage of the wine .  so you said the ideal storage for storage temperature for wine is 65 degrees ?  yeah , 65 degreesokay , well , maybe i guess since we only have 5 minutes we should kind of work out these last issues .  yeah , exactly .  so i can you know , i agree with you hours of operation but i still think our i know you want to grab like some people from the work , before the work , how about let 's make that i think 7:30 is still too early .  so i give you , give me one hour i mean before that , i mean after that so i still can attract some people who want dinner so that 's 8:30 so that would be my last choice on hours of operation .  for the , i'm not sure for the temperature i can , like you said , you already have some back out for the referidgerator or something so i can raise to like 2 degrees to 67 .  i'm not sure if that 's okay with you or not .  well , i guess if that were the case , and we 'd be spending the extra money on the or what i guess i would kind of see as more money on the heating , i would at least like to have until august to open up the store .  yeah , yeah , i can agree with you since the yeah .  cause open time going to be you know , yeah , yeah , then we can award at least one month summer , okay .  okay , so it looks like right now we're saying 8:30 , renovation costs 30 , 000 , 60% floor space for me for you , yeah .  67 degrees and august 1st ?  mmmhmm .  okay , i can definitely agree with that .  okay , let me see .  although i haven 't added up my points .  i think that 's reasonable , yeah .  i agree with that .  okay .  okay , thanks .  excellent to do business with you , i'm really looking forward to doing this whole thing working out .  we have finished .  how'z it going ?  i'm i'm dan .  a.j .  hey a.j .  , how'z it going ?  what 's your major ?  international business and marketing .  cool , cool .  i'm government .  nice .  alright , so i guess , what do you want to talk about ?  just go down so , start out yeah let 's go down line is there a personal hours of operation ?  yeah .  alright , what 's your suggestion for operation time ?  my preference would be 6:30am to 6:30pm .  why is that ?  just cause i sell coffee , we want to get the morning crowd .  okay , well what 's yours ?  10:30 to well , how much is a cup of coffee , and how much do you how much are you i mean , guessing wisely , how much do you guys think that you'll sell i mean , just average grocery store , coffee .  i mean , you're looking at what , like 3 quarters and possibly like a dollar a coffee ?  i have no idea .  i think for me , the latest i 'd be willing to go would be like 8:30am to 8:30 pmcause after that i couldn 't do too much business .  i disagree with you .  i don 't think there 's much business between the hours of 8:30 , i mean 6:30 , if you went at 6:30 time or 8:30 time , you'll have about three hours in between that you'll have noth no business because basically if you are willing to get that coffee market you won 't open for that extra three hours between 8 let 's see have an half an hour of coffe hour where people will come in for coffee but from 9 to all the way up to like 12 o'clock , you won 't have any business with people not shopping at time .  i mean , best shopping hours are you know yeah well , i , i will make you it won 't do any good 10:30 or 9:30 , just lose too much business .  like 8:30 wine , i don 't think you'll lose too much business because a.j , do want to go on to the next issue ?  do you just want to go on to the next issue ?  yeah , sure .  so , what 's your preference for renovation costs ?  30 , 000.0030 , 000 , alright , and mine mine would be 10 , 000 .  10 , 000 ?  why is it 10 , 000 , you realize that your store is called upper crust right grocery store ?  yeah but what does that mean to you ?  cause to me , that means that it has to be very high class , very above average dcor , very above average feautures and structures .  we have to stand out from giant , and shoppers and whole foods , and to do so , i don 't see how we can do that with $10 , 000 .  yeah for my needs , it 's just what it is you know ?  10 , 000 would be the best for me .  so all you need is 30 , 000 .  so  floor space ?  floor space , i only need 40% .  you only need 40% ?  yes .  and i 'd like first choice would be 60% .  you only need what ?  40% .  40% ?  so we .  yeah that works out , okay .  so then i'll take 40% .  temperature of the store , as you know , wine needs to stay chilled so as cool as it can bei would say 65 ?  i'm not sure why but i want the store warmest , because my food stays better warm , unfortunately .  does your food stay very warm ?  of the trade , so , i don 't really know but and then alright , what 's your grand opening date ?  early as possiblebecause i have most stuff ready .  and i'm supposed to be waiting for stuff because i need to get stuff .  when 's the earliest you want to open ?  the earliest ?  i 'd just set such bad precedent if i open before july 1st .  before july 1st ?  anything before july 1st , i wouldn 't , you know , we wouldn 't be prepared and we 'd lose too much money for whatever .  so well if we open later , will you be willing to do make more renovations ?  if i open later you 'd be able to make more renovations ?  oh yeah , definitely .  if i open later yeah , i could go up to 30 , 000 if we went up to september 1st .  okay , how about 30 , 000 and august 1st , because you'll have all your stuff by july , how about august 1st ?  i mean , because , your key factor is that you won 't have your stuff by july right ?  you 'd be in bad shape if we opened before july right ?  grocery , mmhmm .  well then why don 't we pin julybecause we both want to open as soon as possible to make money .  your only issue is that you don 't have your products yet .  like if you can get your products by july , let 's set that as the opening datebecause we both want to start making money .  i'll like to open in may , and understand that you will be hindering my productivity for about 2 months here because you don 't have your products .  i'm ready to go as of today , as of may 1st , so if you want to go up to 30 , let 's do 30 and july 1stor august 1st .  noi'll only be willing to go up to 30 if we went to september 1st .  well i'm not going to open that late .  i think i want to do , i mean so , what 's your , what 's your most important issue to you ?  most important issue to me ?  because mine is the grand opening date , and after that is the hours of operation .  probably most important to me would be renovation cost , becausse i want it to be as pristine as possible .  so renovation costs ?  renovation costs are your most important , and my most important is grand opening date .  so if i get , i'm much happier getting  the september 1st and paying 30 , 000 if possible .  like that 's just going to be better for me , and i don 't know if it 's the same as for you , if they'll be a higher well let 's just see if we can better for you .  so i alright .  and as far as the temperature , is temperature more important than hours of operation to you ?  yes .  yes .  so , yeah for me , temperature is a little less important but wait , but i don 't know .  so , so , yeah , temperature is less important than hours of operation .  how about this ?  i will give you , i'll give you up to 69 degrees if you are willing to do to august 1st .  well i 'd do i would actually do better if we did , the best i can do on comrpomise would be , so if , most important for me is this septemmber 1st and then the hours of operation in the morning , and then i 'd give you the rest , whatever you want on the rest .  wine , i can 't do that .  i just couldn 't , i mean , really , that 's , that 's 4 months of lost lost earnings for me and that 's not , and you're you told me earlier that you can get stuff by july so there 's no use well no , july would be like , july that 's what i'm saying .  i'm saying  i could do july but if i did july , i'm going to have to do , also i'm going to have to do but we're not talking about that , that 's not what i  i mean , negotiation wise , if there 's no reason to why you can 't open by july , then why would we not open by july , it would benefit both of us .  regardless of the rest of it no , that 's what i'm saying .  what i'm trying to say is , my most important issue is going to be the grand opening date .  that 's going to be best next is the hours of operation .  so the more you give me on the hours of operation , and grand opening date , the more i can give you on renovation costs , otherwise , we should just hit it in the middle across the board .  i don 't see why you can 't open in july or august .  , grocery , no , well i'm just saying i don 't know , what 's going if the most important thing for me is opening date .  if i get the opening date of september 1st , i can it doesn 't matter to me if we go down to 65 degreesor if we take the renovation down to , up to $30 , 000 .  , .  that 's just will we be open , will you be able to open at 10:30 ?  that 's my second most important issue .  right .  temperature and renovation costs are my two most least important issues .  i'll do september 1st only if you give me 10:30 and 65 degrees .  no , the , hours of operation is way more imporant than the renovation costs for me .  i don 't know if that 's the case for you .  so , okay , so september 1st if i give you september 1st , what i want from you is 10:30 , 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , maybe 67 degrees .  so alright , what 's the best for you ?  what 's the best for you ?  september 1st , if you're willing to take your max hours to 9:30 in the morning , 9:30 to 9:30 , i'll be willing to do september 1st , 9:30 to 9:30 , $30 , 000 and 65 degrees .  hold on , okay , you said 9:30 to 9:30 , september 1st , 30 , 000 , and 65 degrees .  alright , 30 , 000 , 65 degrees , september 1st let me see this .  so you're happy with 30 , 000 and 65 degrees , okay .  and i'll be willing to open from 9:30 to 9:30 .  well , let 's see .  i 'd be better off , just striking in the middle on all of them .  no , i couldn 't do it .  that 's not good for you ?  no , i wouldn 't do it .  and i mean , so , what okay , let 's just talk about these two thing first so right now let 's try , let 's try , let 's try to maximize both those things right ?  well , that 's not , that 's not the point of the exercise .  oh , that 's not what we're supposed to do ?  well if we both maximize it , like maybe we can both maximize it more than what we would if we did completely , i'm not sure .  it might be the case , it might not be .  well , i mean that 's not the point of the exercise , that 's not what she 's studying .  she 's studying how we 'd negotiate outside the point system .  see what i'm saying ?  well yeah , i'm saying , even if we're negotiating outside the point system , we're going to try to do it to cooperate whatever is best for both of us .  so i'm saying like , i want i need to get , i need to get my most important stuff , you need to get your most important stuff .  and if it 's the case that we can both be better off by doing that , that 's going to be good .  so i'm telling you what i'm going to be better off doing , do you see what i'm saying ?  so i'm saying this is what 's most important , right wine , i know what 's most important to you .  and i understand what 's most important to you , renovation cost ?  so i'm giving you your september 1st if you give me 30 , 000 and 65 degrees which we previously agreed upon .  now we only have argue hours of operation .  well no , i didn 't , i did not agree upon it , i was just trying to figure out , i was just trying to figure out what 's going on .  that 's what we figured out earlier .  all we need to figure out is hours of operation now .  that 's what you said earlier .  previously in our conversation you said i'll you'll give me 65 degrees and 30 , 000 if you get september 1st which i agreed upon .  i do not recall saying this .  you definitely said that .  i'm sorry , maybe i misspoke .  but the thing is , i think i was trying to say , september 1st and 6:30am to 6:30pm for $30 , 000 and 65 degrees .  that 's not reasonable .  well that 's what i'm not willing to opn in 6:30 in the morning , definitely not .  are you willing to cooperate are you going to just try to heavyhand me and get it ?  i don 't know , i don 't know what is really , like if i give you two , you give me two , you know that 's what i'm thinking here .  you see , that doesn 't work because obviously this is not realistic .  it doesn 't work that we can be both happy .  if i give you two and you give me two , one of the two could not match , see what i'm saying ?  so your most important is grand opening date right ?  i gave it to you .  i'll give you september 1st .  i'm saying , if these if i give you my two most important things and you get your two most important things , that 's how i think i'll be going to be best offering this negotiation .  otherwise , i'm only willing to go down the middle .  so , those are the two alternatives i'm willing to offer .  is that , is that really bad for you ?  well i mean , my second best thing is pretty much your second best thing .  what do you mean ?  oh so , how about this ?  i'll give you your best and you give me mine , how about that , that 's first , first thing we're going to do , okay ?  okay!september 1st and 30 , 000 , is that okay ?  that 's alright , okay .  so now , you give me 65 degrees and theoretically you want 6:30 right ?  that would be ideal .  what if we pushed it back one hour ?  well , what 's going to be .if we pushed it back one hour , in all honesty , it 's more important to me to not push it back and hour and push it up two degrees .  but if we .you see what i'm saying ?  i don 't know what that means for you .  if we pushed it back an hour then if we pushed it back , i'll give you two degrees , how about that ?  if it 's , i mean if it 's good for you but it 's going to be the dealmade .  i'll push it to 67 if you want to do the 7:30 .  i mean if this is like a dealbreaker then yeah , sure whatever .  you want to do it ?  alright , that 's fine .  we'll do that .  alright , 7:30 67 30 , 67 so were we done ?  yeah .  hey .  alright , we have to agree on hours of operation , and what , what do you want ?  for my grocery shopping , my grocery shop that we're gonna sell the breakfast , so it'll be as early as possible for me .  as early like , the earlier the better .  wine , okay , well since i'm a liquor store , i need to be open laterbecause because people usually buy liquor later in the day .  they don 't really go out and like early to get it .  (i put these together) , grocery , so like my hours , my ideal hours would be 10:30 to 10:30 .  yeah , my ideal would be 6:30 to like morning to 6:30 .  mmmhmm .  so well i'm thinking probably we can compromise and open either 8:30 untilor i was thinking 7:30 would be good for mebecause like , for your liquor store , like people can get there like after they get off work , and 7:30 will be kind of reasonable for them to well most of the people get off work like 5:30 or 6ish so 7:30 would be suitable for them to get the wine off they get off work and it'll be also workable for me , like 7:30 is the time they go onto work so it'll be reasonable for me to sell breakfast and so wine , we can go with 8:30because it 'd be sort of like , in the middle for both of us , like because most people work , start work at 9 so they can get breakfast at like 8:30 , or stop by and then it wouldn 't be open , it wouldn 't close too early for people that want to buy liquor .  mmm okay .  yeah i guess that makes sense .  we can take probably 8:30 until 8:30 at night .  okay .  i mean alright , so renovation costs .  i want to spend a lot of money , like $30 , 000 , because that 's like , you know , really important for the people to think it looks nice .  you know , like , you wouldn 't want to shop somewhere where you didn 't think it looked nice , so what do you think ?  i'm more preferring like the $10 , 000since mine 's grocery shopping so i would rather spend like most of the money on like the stock oh no , just go ahead .  i would rather spend most of the money on like training the employees , like the newcomer and stuff and so well i do agree with your point that the shop has to be look nice and stuffbut i'm also concerning like the quality of like our , like employees and like the people works there and service and stuff .  so i would rather spend more money on thatone but then like spending so much money on like , trying to make it look good and like have actually not have really bad service .  yeah .  well we need it to be ready for business .  well , let 's talk about the rest of them to see what 's the most important thing to you .  well how much , what what deg , how , like what do you want the temperature to be and floor space .  what 's the best for those ?  grocery , for the floor space ?  i'm thinking about like 60% of it .  so you want 60% ?  okay , you want , i want like 40% so we could just do that .  okay , i'll take the 60% of the space andi'll take the 40 .  what do you think for temperature ?  i need it to be sort of cold for my liquor , for my alcohol .  i need to be as hot as possible for food , so that 's pretty important for me , so if i , if i went with 67 degrees , maybe we could spend less on the , on the renovation cost ?  cause that 's better for you .  what did you , when is the best grand opening date for you ?  the best for me would be may 1stcause i 'd like to start you know , selling things as soon as possibleand i think that 's enough time to get everything done that we need to .  okay , so let 's see .  we already agreed upon so i'm thinking if , if we can open late , i can i can agree with you on the temperature so so if we like , if we open on july 1st or i'm thinking about augustor septemberif we open on august 1st , then can we keep it at 67 degrees ?  okayhow about the renovation ?  we can meet in the middle , we can meet at 20 , 000because i think that'll be fair .  okay .  okay we can do that .  we can do 20 , 000 for the renovation and it'll still look nice but it , we won 't spend too much money on so you can use it for your groceries .  also 67 for temperature and august 1st for the granding date .  yeah , that sounds good .  let 's see , alright , so we i guess we just give this to lynn .  yeah .  should ?  yeah .  alright .  so should we run through we each want first ?  by hour , hours of operation , renovation , floor , temperature , and date .  yeah , okay .  so for me , my my first choice on these would be hours of operation from 10:30 am to 6:30pm , or , sorry , 10:30 to 10:30renovation $30 , 000floor space 40% for me 40% for you ?  yes .  temperature 65 degreesand grand opening of may 1st .  so yours are so your hours are from 6:30 ?  yeah .  okay .  and so for floor space , you said 50 , so you want i would like to go up to high .  okay , but did you want more than half ?  i prefer 60% .  okay , so 60% for yourself ?  right .  okay , and i prefer 40% for me , so grocery , we can go , we can agree .  that makes one easy!the other four is hard!yes .  okay , let 's talk about the date .  okay .  that 's , the date to me is the least important of the other four categories .  okay , can you go september 1st ?  if you i prefer not to .  yeah , i mean , what 's the the other alternative that you well , i mean , i 'd be happy to to give you september 1st in exchange for some of the other things .  alright , which one ?  renovation for me is the most important .  okay .  which one , which i prefer $30 , 000 .  30 , 000 ?  oh , of course , what 's your alternative ?  i'll go to 1500 , i mean 15 , 000 , sorry .  i prefer not to go below 20 , 000 .  i'll go with 20 if you can give me the date of september 1st and hour of operation .  hmm , that 's no , that doesn 't work for me .  okay , could do separate plan .  i'll have the hours of operation and the date , and i'll give you the temperature and renovation cost .  at what level ?  71 degree and 1500 , 15 , 000 .  sorry , 20 20 , 000 and 71 or 69 .  let 's see , and you would want what , 6:30am and september 1st ?  september 1st is a must for me .  okay .  if i give you september 1st , could you go to 25 , 000 on the renovation costs ?  20 20 is my bottom .  i can do the hours of operation 7:30 .  yeah , that doesn 't really help me very much .  that 's also a i mean it 's i'll do 20 , 000 .  20 , 000 .  how about temperature , is that important to you ?  i mean it 's , temperature is , moderately important .  renovation is my most important then hours of operation .  25 , 000 .  if you go 25 , 000 , and then what , so then september 1st , hours of operation is 6:30 temperature preferably 73 but i can see i , my wine stock has to stay cool soi need it to be , the cooler the better .  cuz the , cuz the air conditioning cost is kind of high for me too .  yeah , i can see that .  69 degree ?  okay if we go with 69 degrees and 25 , 000 on renovation costs and you give me september 1st and 6:30am .  is that good ?  yeah , i can agree to that .  okay!okay , september 1st , what temperature ?  69 degrees .  69 degrees and 25 , 000 .  yes .  that 's it .  okay , we're done!do you add up the math or ?  i don 't know if we're supposed to talk about it or just give it to her .  alright .  okay .  okay .  just need to mark my paper .  ok .  what do you want to start with ?  what 's important to you ?  what do you mean ?  like from yea , i mean like which one do you want to discuss first ?  what 's important to you ?  um the  renovation costsrenovation costs ?  yeaok .  um well i think the place is in pretty good shape as it is right now .  uh huhso i would i 'd rather spend that money on other things .  and how much were you thinking of spending on renovating the building ?  um roughly around um 25umthousand .  or 20 to 25grocery , 20 to 25 ?  yeai 'd be willing to spend 20 thousand dollars um on renovation costs as long as i could uh have enough time to train employees before we grand open .  cause uh  you need like at a grocery store i need like well trained employees cause its several kinds of .its not like regular foods;its all nice stuff so i need as much time as possibleso i 'd be shooting for like september to open .  oh..um yea like grand opening .  so i 'd be willing to spend  spend more spend 10 thousand i mean cause honestly i would like to spend 10 thousand out of the yearbut i 'd be willing to spend 20 thousand if i could train my employees until september .  um lets see .  then i guess will would august work for you by any chance ?  ok then well we can just sort of 20 thousand and september 1st for nowand then just look over the other options like the other factors .  ok so what else do you wanna talk about ?  um hoursthat 's another one that 's real important for me .  cause i sell coffee and like breakfast pastries and stuff .  so like , i have to be open before people leave to go to work .  that 's another that 's a huge that 's huge for me .  cause that 's a lot of my business is for people coming in the morning to get that stuff .  so what do you think ?  as always the earlier the better for me .  so 6:30 is great .  wine , 7:30or 8:30 , that work for you ?  i can i mean .i could probably do 7:30 .  if we can keep the grand opening .  if we can keep that in september and do 20 thousand and i could probably open at 7:30 .  if we can keep that in september and do 20 thousand i could probably open at 7:30 .  i can handle that .  just and i can 't go any later than 7:30 though cause people have to be at work at 9 .  well they could .  i mean the thing is it 's a local grocery store so you don 't expect people to travel all the way from like an hour to get to here .  yea but then they're commuting to the other shops so they'll be there earlier on their way to their shops .  they have like a longer than 45min commute .  um hmm i 'd be willing to settle with you on 7:30 if you're willing to go over to 25 on the cost .  another 5 thousand .  i could how about this ?  how about , if i go up to 30 thousand and do 6:30 .  cause i think i 'd make enough business with my coffee and pastries to cover that extra 5 thousand .  ok sure .  so we'll go over to 6:30 i'll pay 30 thousand for renovations and then september 1st so. .  ok there 's no room for pushing up to august ?  i dunno .  i mean cause i need this a lot of information employees need to knowand since this is going to be bigger than my previous place i need to like find a lot of employees to help me in it .  lets talk about i mean what do we have floor space and temperature ?  uhuh30%30% ?  you want 30% ?  wine , yea so you get 70 .  or 5050 .  what if you don 't want 40% ?  that won 't work for you ?  what ?  40%40% for me ?  yea that works , great!okso we agree on the floor space ?  yeaand therenovation costs 30 thousand , we open at 6:30 , you have 40% of the floor space , i have 60 , september 1st .  and then , temperature .  what are you looking for in temperature ?  cause i have. .  a lot of our foods stay longer at warmer temperatures .  73 is like a good temperature for me .  and i figure if we're doing that it'll also save us money on the air conditioning bills .  i find foods take longer when they're lower. .  yea i don 't know what it is .  i'm reading what it says .  that 's weird .  most of them stay , stay at higher temperatures .  let me see 69 work for you ?  69 ?  yea .  i could do 69 .  so , so we have what ?  6:30 , 30k , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september 1st .  how about 7:30 , 7:30 , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september .  ok i can do that .  so we have 7:30 , 7:30 , 40% for you , 69 degrees and september .  mmhmm .  i think that works .  we're awesome negotiators!we're so agreeable .  let me see. .  you're not like .temperature .  lets see .hold on .  cause its 69 .  i mean ...   69 ok .  i was just , just wondering trying to figure out if they're other things we can negotiate .  think we're pretty good .  pretty sold here .  anything else that you wanna see if it works out or ?  well its says 69 in your ideal temperature and you can 't ?  65 actually but65 ?  that 's yea that 's well if you want to open earlier we can go to 67 .  if we can open at 6:30 i 'd be willing to go down to 67 degrees .  let me see .  nono ?  ok .  guess temperature pretty important .  that 's cool .  if we 'd spend less money renovating than i would want to go colder .  how cold do you want to go andif we can spend 15 thousand dollars renovating i could go to 67 degrees .  um impossible .  ok , that 's my best offer for that one .  um  i think we're pretty , pretty blocked .  so we open at 7:30 , spending 30 thousand , you've got 40% , 69 degrees and september ?  yup i agree .  good deal .  yea we're pretty good negotiating with you .  see this .that one .  i'm   . .  nice to meet you .  i'm kaitlin , nice to meet you!ok so you know where you wanna start or ?  yea well we have start recording .  yea .  so why don 't we start on the hours of operation ?  ok i was just well before we start i was gonna say that my biggest concern or say my least concerns are renovation costs and temperature .  the other ones are more important to me .  just to get that kinda out of the way .  cause i don 't know what you were what your thinking .  ok so let 's startok do you want to start with hours of operation ?  go from front ?  yea , ok because i'm a wine store so i think maybe we should have operation hours later in the dayand so that many people can come .can come to us .  so what do you think ?  i well mine is more like a breakfast place so i sell like coffee and stuff .  so for me it should open early in the morning until 6 6:30 to 6:30 kinda a thing .  oh 6:30 will be quite early .  that 's a little see i understand that that 's early for you .  but i also think that if well what were you ...  what 's your time ?  what were you thinking for time ?  i'm thinking of 10:30 .  10..ok .  actually 10:30 at the night you know .  because for the wine store people will ...   after they're working they will come to the store to buy wine at that hour .  yea although if we were open till like say 7:30 or 8:30i mean people are off work by 6 normally right ?  9 o' clock right ?  hmm ?  people are always go to work at 9 o clock .  from 9 to 5 ?  no no no no .  for  yea like 9 to 5 .  then like after 5 o' clock , 6 o' clock they can come get their wine .  it 's not like you're some shady beer store , you know , that has to be open at night for like college students , you know .  so people can come get their wine at lunch time , come get their wine lunch time!i don 't think will be good for them you know .  if their employer finding out they'll get fired .  well it 's just a bottle of wine you know .  it 's not like they're buying like cocaine or something , you know something illegal .  i think people , now they , now they eat their breakfast later .  maybe just they take their , take their breakfast to their work maybe in the week i just store yea but if we start at 10:30 people are at work by then .  ok so then we can i can  how about 8:30 ?  i can do 8:30 .  will that be ok ?  i can do 8:30ok sure , so we are doing 8:30 up until 8:30pm .  that sounds good .  ok sook so its renovation costs .  i think its very important for the store appearance .  yea , for then coustomer can check the store and come into my store .  yea , and its not that important for mine .  i prefer , i really like the industrial look .  oh industrial look ?  that has like the open ceilings andi don 't really feel like .  i feel like it 's more like an input cost that we don 't need .  oh so , you don 't think maybe your main customer would be attracted , maybe not youngster not those college student or old people stuff. .  yea yea , but i'm , i'm looking for hip people you know .  who want a hip dcor and yea those do you think if we , if we spend a few more on the renovation costs that for the hip people we can we can appeal .  i wouldn 't ...  well what are , what are you suggesting ?  yea i can go by  .    25 thousand would be too much for you ?  well let me put it this way .  i can do 25 thousand but i want , i want something higher on my side then .  like either , like floor space or the opening date .  ok .  and ...  especially the opening date because the renovation costs are for you to get the store prepared for what you think is important but the grand opening side is where i think its impo where i think the part of my business is important to get ready for .  ok .  ok sure we can agree on that .  so 25 thousand is good for you ?  uhuh .  if you do like an aug , say and aug 1st opening date ?  okdo that ?  yea we can do that .  okthen we can move on to floor spacefloor space .  what do you think ?  i really think that i should have more space .  cause i have wine i feel can be kinda  it should be tilted and it can be stacked really easily .  doesn 't take up that much space .  but groceries need to be put out like everything  they need to be so the customer can see it .  so i was thinking of at least 60% or 70% of spaceok so you need how about 60% for you ?  will it be good ?  hmm ?  how about 60% of floor space for you ?  yea that would be perfect .  ok its perfectbecause for wine space , we don 't need so much space .  yea , and temperaturetemperature , you know for the what do you think ?  i think the ...   you have the grand opening date at aug 1 .  so we should have the temperature would be cooler temperature in summer time ?   ?  the temp will be cold ?  well i prefer , i prefer in the 70sjust because that 's' what i'm comfortable at .  but don 't know if your wine needs a specific temperature for well , you know , mostly because people if people at home , they store their wine in the basement for the cooler temperature so that we can assu ...  assure the good quality .  so i'm thinking we'll need to have a lower temperature , i mean , would be good for you and your customers .  yea i think especially cause we have an august 1st opening date orlike half ofyea an also i mean , i'm co. .  i'm a little concerned , about the price of the air conditioning with like oil princes being what they are .  you know , but since its in august , its just going to be a month or to of heat and then we can it won 't cost as much to keep the temperature as low when we're going like for the rest of the season .  so i would be willing to do like 69 degrees .  69 degrees ?  how about 67 ?  its just 2 degrees lower .  yea that 's just low!that 's too low for me .  oh ok so yea i can go to 69 degrees .  cause i mean eventually you can get i know they make wine ...  like special cabinets for wine and stuff .  so if you eventually you know , needed to keep wine at  you wine at if you have enough money you could buy those and .  yea groceries stores , shouldn 't be called wineyeaactually i think its good thing .  if i want to look for not in the cabinet would be to temperature , to make the cool to make the wine cool you'll have to use some electricity .  that 's true .  that 's true .  yea..for the yea yeayea but don 't think it would be as much as you know , cooling the whole store .  no ?  yea .  then w can do 69 degrees ?  ok 69 will be fine thenok!so we conclude that the hours of operation are 8:30 up to 8:30pm .  renovation costs would be 25 thousand .  floor space 40% for me and 60% for you .  temperature at 69 degrees and the grand opening date will be aug 1 .  yeaso ok thank you .  nice working with younice meeting you .  nice meeting you!hi (together)ok so i'm excited to go into businessyes , but more than business i'm interested in the kinetic course .  oh ok .  phdoh i ...  i'm sorry i was talking about i was excited to start a business with you for oh ok .  sorry .  well there are a few things that i'm still not certain about .  do you feel the same way ?  yes , about temperature ?  temperature ?  ok .  what do you think about temperature ?  well for my products its best to have the building is as cool as possible .  it keeps the wine in its best state so .  but well we don 't want the people to be so cold they're uncomfortable in the storeso how does 67 sound to you ?  67 ?  for me the higher the better .  but i don 't know what product what kind of product i take .  just let me see it should say .  i take care of bread , milk and fruits .  some kind of that and so do you think people might buy more if they're colder or ?  nono ?  so maybe the middle one ?  69 is better ?  ok .  alright , so lets lets start with that for now .  how about the hours of operation ?  oh ok .  for me , we have to sell the breakfast because early .  just like 6:30 so ...  ok .  for me , most people ...  you know i sell wine and liquor  and people usually have those in the evening so if we close at 6:30pm i won 't get much business at all .  so i really need to have i really need to stay open as late as possible .  so 10:30 would be best for me .  uh huh .  so but i think most companies start at 8 or 9 because of so to sell the breakfast i have to chose 7:30or 8:30 .  okat least .  ok so you don 't think that maybe people who have offices nearby might you know go to work and then someone out for coffee and breakfastso maybe you know then 9:30 would be ok ?  cause if people are getting to work at 9 o'clock and they go to get breakfast to get started started at 9 ?  i think 8:30s better for us .  8:30 is better ?  ok .  how about if i agree to 8:30 and instead of 69 degrees we keep maybe at 67 degrees .  you think that 's ok ?  so we do 8:30 and 67 ?  okok .  and my first priority is grand opening date .  because i ordered some exce. .  what did it say ?  ...  oh yea i need to order some special items from abroad .  like for example , for me , i'm asian so asian food and some kind of so i need to to differentiate from some other groceries .  that is my diffrentiative point .  but i need to order now so the items coming by september like ...  so ...  oh ok so would it be possible to open the store with without some of the items from abroad ?  i mean cause if you have bread and milk and stuff also cold we open and just carry the bread and milk and then add the asian items once they arrive ?  i want to be readymade ready made .  so readymade and advertise as we're a differentiative store for some items .  so ok .  i really need to start making money a little sooner than that .  so what about maybe august ?  august ?  august .  ok .  that makes sense .  august is ok ?  ok good .  so then renovation costs and floor space ?  what 's your priority of the two ?  well i think that since we're in an area like dupont circle , we really need to make sure that we look very nice .  ok because they're a lot of nice businesses in the area and as you said we want to be different so that people make sure to come to us .  so we if we leave the place the way its looking now i don 't think that its going to stand out and people are going to come .  so i really think we should try and spend at least 25 thousand dollars on renovation .  at least .  30 would be would be perfect .  but i could live with 25 .  i know your situation but for me the grocery store is some kind of necessity so i don 't really mind for the appearance of the  .sook so what did you have in mind spending to renovate. .  of course for me the lower the better .  but its not for you so so your sure at least 25 thousand ?  ok 25. .  25 is ok ?  ok .  ok great .  thank you .  ok and so that just leaves the floor space .  in general the grocery store is bigger than wine shop or or some cooler shop so my better best choice is 60% .  60% ?  6040 .  yea that sounds fine for to me .  40 is ...  is good for me .  oh really ?  yea so i will be happy if we do that .  ok so we agree on 40% .  ok so we have we're staying open from 8:30 to 8:30 .  spend 25 thousand dollars on renovations .  40% for me 60% for you .  67 degrees and we open in august .  okthat sound good ?  good good .  ok i guess we're all set then .  sounds good .  hihihow about we first discuss the renovation costs ?  i think hours is better .  cause like depends on the hours of operation that we're gonna get will also determine like grand opening date .  well actually , renovation will be fine too .  ok i think its best that try and keep it as low as possiblecause i don 't think it needs a lot of work .  we should try and save our money and use it on something else .  so i think 10 thousand dollars would work well for both of us .  well i think the location helps a lot in bringing people in .  so they don 't really need to see something extremely fancy .  they're going to be interested in coming .  i think it would work better by looking nice on the outside but not over the topso maybe we can bump it up to 15or maybe even 20 if that would work well also for the location too that it is a nice place .  you don 't wanna to look worse than the other places around you in order to in order to attract customers .  so i mean i think we should decorate as much as we can on the outside and also keep it clean and organized as possible on the inside .  so i'm gonna stick with 30 thousand .  really ?  maybe 25 about ...  its really pretty out of my budget to be going that high .  i think that it would work better if we tried to cut some other costs25 maybe ?  i 'd be willing to go to 20 .  no .  we need to go to 25 .  25 ?  cause it is  i mean at this moment it would be a lot of money to pay at once but    i'm sure it 's gonna payoff in the long term .  cause it is a nice place , people are gonna come if it 's attractive .  more people will come by .  yea .  well i think that its not really falling apart right now .  and if we spend too much money we're not going to really be able to keep it looking nice inside .  you know we could spend a bit more money and have like a nice opening or something like that that would bring more people inwell renovation you could use the money for samples you know .  well thing is we don 't , we can 't well for the groceries we can out some fast foods but how're we gonna give out the wines you know ?  yea well you can always do wine tasting .  people do that .  so i think 20 would be best .  you don 't want to blow the budget right off .  how about we come back to that one ?  cause i wanna stick with 25 .  okthings how about floor space then ?  yeabecause it 's the wine that we have and yours is groceries .  you probably need more space .  i don 't need that much space .  i want just 40% .  40% ?  which would give me 60% ?  ok that sounds fine .  how about the temperature ?  i kinda want it to be a warmer temperature .  because it would keep my stuff ...  it would keep it betterand it would cost less on air conditioning .  i don 't think that you need it to be too cold because you can always use something like refrigerators if you have to have wine selling it for that day .  and otherwise i think wine would keep fine in a warmer temperature .  i think 73 degree would be prefect for me .  well the perfect degree for me would be 65because of some liquors ...  not for the wine but some liquors need to to be kept at a cold , low temperature to be good to be in good shape i guess .  well 65 degrees wouldcould be is that ...  would that be to cold ?  i think it would be too cold .  plus it would cost a lot of money for both of us on air conditioning .  how about 67 ?  67 maybe 69 would work better .  69yea because its only about ...  its a 4 degree difference between both of our perfect temperatures .  yea but the 4 degree could affect the wine .  that 's why i'm concerning .  cause with your food some of them are will be in the refrigerator so it wouldn 't really effect the groceries .  well most of it will be out because they'll be a lot of pastries you know and for it to be sitting out in a colder temperature .  it just wouldn 't make much sense because it needs to be warmer anyway ...  i mean with the wine you  know , you can always keep it like in a box to keep it from getting too cold .  i mean all of it doesn 't need to be out on the shelf that day .  i think 69 is ok .  how about the hours of operation ?  well i would like it to be earlier for mebecause they're a lot of pastries that need to be sold .  so i'm thinking opening around 6:30 and then closing around 6:30 .  i think that'll would be too earlycause it is a alcohol nobody drinks alcohol around 6 o clock .  so best time for me would be 10:30 and close at 10:30 .  cause even myself have ...  i mean even if you go to the any liquor store if they close by 9 o clock no one is gonna come there , no one is gonna go there after work .  yea well a lot of people will be buying wine i think .  and i think people who would be buying the wine will probably be coming in a little bit earlier and planning their dinner ahead , so the people who will be coming in really late will probably just , there , buy liquor anyway .  you might not even want them in the store anyway .  yea but i think 6:30 would be too early for us .  how about 9:30 ?  9:30 ?  opening at 9:30 is too early or too late for me still because people are already done with breakfast and be off at work at that time .  i think the earliest would be 8:30 .  you mean the latest ?  well yea yea8:30 yea. .  i think 8:30 if we close at 8:30 , i mean some people drink wine for the dinner but like we're not just selling the wine we're also selling liquors and stuff too .  people just passing by might just come stop by liquor or two .  9:30 will be fine .  how about this then ?  we'll open at 9:30 but push up the budget to 25 ?  i mean 8:30 .  open at 8:30 and push the budget to 25 ?  yea , i think that would work and then. .  ok , how about grand opening date ?  welli want it to be early as possibleso that we can just go ahead , start the business and make more money .  well if we're going to use the 25 thousand on the renovation costs , i think that if we had an earlier opening date then you 'd just be spending all the money on fixing it up as soon as possible , and paying peope a lot more money to get it taken care of too soon .  so i think by pushing back the grand opening date we'll be better able to used the renovation costs money and make it as nice as possible .  so sometime in julyor june ?  i think that sept , aug is betteri think that will be too late .  july , what about july ?  july will be too early for you ?  july would be too early for me .  yea and then ...  think about it too ...  the air conditioning costs. .  we'll be saving money by having it later too .  so overall just ...  either sept or aug will be saving us money .  and working out a lot better .  well keeping at 69 degrees wouldn 't be too much of air conditioning paying off .  what about july ?  well july is the hottest month .  july is not the hottest month .  august is the hottest month .  so..and its gonna  cool off bye end of august so i don 't think july is going to effect that much for the air conditioning .  especially if we're not keeping at the lowest , 65 .  we're keeping it at 69 right ?  yeaso i don 't think cause as i keep saying the faster we open , its better for both of us to go ahead and start on our business .  i don 't know .  well i 'd rather have like , a really good grand opening , that'll really attract people .  like if we have people working on it and keep it looking nice for the first couple of months and then have a big opening i think people would be more interested and more likely to come in and check that out .  but for august you know a lot of people go on vacations .  cause its summer .  so wouldn 't it be better to have more people come in on july , not augustwell that would just mean that august sales would start to slump anyway so. .  i mean yea so we should bring as much as customers as we can well that 's why i was thinking , may would be better .  like all those college students will come back from their home and want to shop too .  so i was thinking may .  well may is my best choice and that 's not gonna work .  maybe june june wouldn 't be too , it wouldn 't be too late either , i mean it wouldn 't be too early .  and august i think will be too late and most of the people will leave by that time .  and most of like students and overall .  and also a lot of people go on vacation for august .  and september everybody 's too busy for work to ...  well i think like we shouldn 't worry about students because a lot of them can 't even drink and i don 't think they'll be spending a lot of money on really good wine or any nice groceries .  i think we should try to focus on the people to ...  well i don 't know .  like , having it in september people would be giving off work and coming back from vacation , they might want to treat themselves more .  and i think just starting , like if we start in august , it might just be too much of a slump .  we really want the first month and the months after that to be a big seller .  especially like by opening in september , we also have the holidays afterwards and i think a lot of people would be spending a lot of money then , on parties and things like that .  yea but there 's holiday in july toowell i don 't know .  people don 't really have a big july 4th like ...  fancy yea but the holidays not until like , november .  yea well i think that we should try to have it later .  i don 't know , i think july .  julybecause uh my first offer was may .  our first offer 's september .  we're right in the middle so ok , i guess july will have to be it then .  we're opening at 8:30 , 25 , floor space 40..40 for me 60 for you .  temperature 69 , grand opening 's julyokyea!hi nice to meet you .  i'm ashley .  just call me jking it good enough .  jking ?  well nice to meet you .  we're you from ?  koreayour from korea ?  yea , how about you ?  i'm from atlanta , georgia .  which is yea it 's about 12 hrs from here , driving so ...  is this your first year ?  i mean how long have you been here ?  only over 2 years , so still ...  i mean , my english is getting better but i'm still uncomfortable you know .  takes a lot of practice .  what are you studying ?  electrical engineeringelectrical engineering and then we're opening a shop in the side .  fantastic , that 's really neat .  yea , i'm going into my third yr as well so .  here ?  uh huh yesin this dept ?  no i'm actually in astronomyoh ...  ok well it sounds great i'm in astronomyand i'm opening a grocery store .  that 's a good ideayeanice to meet youvery nice to meet you!so i guess i can just tell you a summary of uh. .  your desire excuse me ?  your expected things or.. ?  uh huh .  i guess the general idea; i've always wanted to open a grocery store .  and so ...  yea there're certain things that would be great .  if we could share the same space and cause wine and food go well togetheryea i mean it 's a good idea really , you know ?  yea i think it 's a great idea .  do you drink wine in general ?  yea , i love wine!yea ?  !so well .  i use it because i know its keeping just uh .  uhuhnever mindits fun .  well what were you thinking about in terms of what you look like for. .  before that , i just want to ask ...   what your , your pri ...  priority the item .  i mean , what 's most important factor in your decision ?  i mean among that ok .  ok , to me the most imp i think is renovation costs .  should be fancy you know .  so all the good display and yea , you know .  the customer , think the good display would be connected to the good quality of the wine sothe quality of wine ...  yea .  and you want to attract the high level clientele .  so i want to know it is uh most important to you .  yea i think that renovation costs and how much you want to spend is definitely something that , that i can work with .  and i think that sort of goes hand in hand with when we open .  if we want to spend a little bit more money on renovations and getting things set , we probably should open a little bit later so we can really make sure there 's enough time to get everything finished before , before we open .  what were you thinking of spending in terms of renovation ...  like what ?  frankly i , i want to investigate as much as possible , you know , in my amount .  just my desirability is 30 thousand so it thenits just kinda depending ok. .  it very important to..so. .  to do as much as possible ?  ok so , yea i'm at a situation where i don 't have quite as much cash to spend .  so i can 't spend more than 25 thousand dollars to spendbut maybe that 's something we can come back to and just sort of looking at .  to make it cost effective .  cause they say within the first year like most , you know , businesses go out of business within the first year if you don 't have a good start so ...   .  yea so ...  ok now i know at least what your , i mean your exportability of so how about the hours of operations its the most important thing right ?  that 's important as well .  being a grocery store i hope to be able to sellthe right kind ofdonoughts and coffee; things in the mornings .  so i would prefer to be open earlier in the morning .  as early as possible .  and then it 's not as important for me to be open late in the evening .  i imagine your probably different cause people like to buy wine later at night don 't they ?  opposite i mean groceries and liquors has different kinds of stuff .  but most people would be buying wine for dinner right ?  so it 's not like a beer shop that they'll want it real late at night .  but perhaps , to be able to buy for dinner or hors' dourves .  so what would be the earliest time that you would be happy closing at night time ?  i think , i think , i mean 9:30 's fine .  9:30 's fine but i , i don 't think any customer will be___ you know in the liquor store .  if , if it is , then he has some problems you know ?  yea .  that 's true .  personally this is quite important just. .  most people go to work at 9 o clock so i think it 'd be great to be open before 9 o' clock in the morningcause even people might want to pick up wine on their way to work , you know , in the morning so they can have it , you know , go home immediately after work or that kinda thing .  so i would really like to be open at 8:30 and close at 8:30 pm .  but if , and i would prefer earlier , 6:30 or 7:30 .  but knowing that you want to be open , maybe something like 7:30 to 7:30 ?  i think it 'd be great to look at eventually maybe having different hours on , you know , thursday , friday night you know , but just to start we have to keep , keep the same hours  and then we can check how it goes , you know .  so , let 's see .  i guess lets just talk about the last , kinda issues that are imp to us and then maybe we can come to some conclusions on which things we 'd be willing to give and what works .  how much space did you need for your wine ?  just like ?  i mean , frankly i don 't need the big space .  just 30 or 40 is also good .  how about you ?  do you need big space or ?  grocery , yea i would prefer more space .  you know , just having , you know , groceries , it takes more space .  and we can always integrate you , putting the wine , mixed in    a little more .  yea 60% of the space would be great with me .  so you 'd be happy with 40% ?  yeaok then let 's , let 's definitely do that .  okoh that 's good .  what , i know like electrical bills , we'll be sharing all that .  so what are your for wine .  like what temp would we want to keep the store at ?  wine , i mean most degree for temperature is 65 but 65 degrees ...  all we're increasing is not big deal to me i think. .  and that has to do with keeping the wine , at a keeping it from spoiling , you want to keep the wine at a cool temperature .  is that the idea ?  yea that 's my idea .  how about groceries ?  i mean , so  i mean , my preferred time , my preferred temperature , i mean its very subtle temperature for using the refrigerator you know .  just the 65 or little less 65 so , so just. .  and a lot for wines has same conditions , needs same conditions so so just to i agree maybe it could be maybe its ok to have to contain , i mean to , to keep the low mark condition for the customer rather than for the wine .  but not so high because the wine could be a little different or so we could do the temp higher than 65 but maybe put the wine in the like the refrigerator section inno i don 't think sonot actually in the refrigerator but if we can keep it somewhat cooler .  what 's the highest temperature that you can keep wine at and it would be ok ?  i don 't know much about wine .  i'm not an expert .  i mean , just low temperature is better .  maybe 67 69 is ok or 69 would be ok but you 'd prefer lower ?  yea .  what about you ?  well like i was saying , i'm happy keeping it just sort of even hotter; 71 , 73 .  something that 's more normal .  because anything that i have to have cooled , i'll have refrigerators .  so maybe we can think about 67or 69 and then look at how we , where we put the wine so that we can just check on the temperature .  or 69 and then look at how we , i've been to grocery stores where they have freezers that are open .  and then they have shelves above it so the coolness kinda comes up and sorta refrigerates the area .  so we can think about something like that .  or 69 and then look at how we , but yea , i see what you mean , we don 't want it to be maybe 73 cause we want it to consistently lower that makes sense .  or 69 and then look at how we , um ...  ok so lets see here so could we , for grand opening and the cost that we want to spend , could we go ahead and push it as late as possible .  not open till sept 1st ?  and that would give me more time to get the money that i could contribute more to the renovation .  or 69 and then look at how we , so would you be happy spending 20 or 25 thousand each on renovation and not opening until sept 1st ?  frankly i already have all , plenty of wine .  so i would prefer a little early opening .  because renovations doesn 't take long time maybe if we spend a little more money so ...  frankly i want a little earlier opening .  but you want a late opening right ?  yea .  so what would be the what would be the latest that you would be happy opening ?  could we open like say aug 1st ?  july or aug ?  july or aug .  ok , yea i think july or aug would work for me .  so let 's plan on july or aug .  and if we open earlier i'm not going to be able to get as much money for renovations so ...  that 's gonna be kinda tied together so so how about stick. .  sofrankly i have more priority in renovations .  so how about spending 30 thousand but i can , i canyou can push back the opening ?  yeasept 1st , not aug ?  yea ...  aug would work ok .  then lets do aug 1st and. .  ok..sept is ok .  sept would be ok ?  that would be really great for me .  be able to get the 30 thousand dollars .  that sounds good .  so we both get our highest priority worked out .  so lets do sept 1st and i'll get 30 thousand dollars andand floor space is 60 and 40and 40..and your happy with that ?  ok .  so then the last thing we need to work on is our hours of operation and temperature .  so. .  you said 8:30 is ok ?  or what did you say about the hours of 8:30 would be ok .  i would prefer a little earlier ?  7:30 .  yea the earlier the better .  but 7:30 i 'd prefer .  8:30 would be the latest that i would want to open .  just so people could go before work and get their cup of coffee and stuff and maybe even shop for dinner before work if they needed to .  so and i know you wanted to close as late as possible .  so. .  yea , i prefer 9:30but just the ...  how about just opinion to 8:30 is it ok ?  lets , yea ..lets hold that .  lets think about the 8:30 time might work .  maybe we can reach a compromise between that and the temperature .  cause i know we're kinda at a little disagreement about the temperature as well .  cause that 's actually going to be sort of related .  if we're open earlier i'll make more money , probably , to have more money to spend on air conditioning or what not .  and if we're open later , you'll probably sell more wine so you'll probably do better .  so those are sort of connected .  so , to me , the hours of operations is really important right ?  like the temperature .  they're similar to me but ...  i mean to you i mean , ok sorry .  i'm getting confused .  oh your fine .  i understand what your saying .  yea but ...  a little similar butwhich is more important to you ?  of course , hours of ops is more imp but a little similar butbut kinda similar ?  ok we're almost done yea so how about just do , a little decrease temp and a little ..little ..open the store earlier ?  so we could perhaps open at lets see here what about keeping it would you be ok 7:30 to 7:30 but keeping the temp at 67 degrees ?  do you have many , many rules if we put the temperature at 65 ?  if we put the temperature that low , i would pre , i would prefer the hours of operations , to open at 6:30 .  65 degrees is quite low to keep the temperature .  just keeping it , what the electrical bills is gonna be every month to cool that space .  so you prefer the 7:30 and 67 degrees rather than 8:30 and 69 degrees ?  almost similar .  they're almost the same ?  yea .  a little there is , there is 8:30 and 69 so almost similar to me so its not big deal .  yea , i kind of thought this thing to  well hrs of ops and temp can easily be changed later as we look at our , at our bills so..yea so if that about he same , i suggest we go for the 7:30 and 67 degrees .  would you be happy with that ?  okyeathat 's no big deal to meand hopefully we can sell lots of wine at 7:30 in the morning .  hopefully they're not alcoholic , people that drink all day .  may be my shop , my shop would have a good theme , you know .  very early , very early close so ...  very early close so people have to get there right ?  yea just the right people .  right people. .  dinner time so yea yea .  it'll be fun .  so looks like we've decided on everything .  and this is good .  there were a few things that i was like if we don 't agree on this , i'm not going to be , able to do the deal  like , i was like , you know , i have to spend this much money so i'm really glad that we can work together and open the store .  this will be fun .  ok sounds great heyhey , my name is binkeyi'm heather , nice to meet younice to meet you .  so we're trying to put this , this restaurant , or i mean this wine store and grocery store together right ?  ok , so i think we have 5 different things. .  yea hrs ops. .  that we have to decide on .  renovation costs , and floor space , temperature and grand opening date .  are those the things that are kind of on your mind right now ?  so lets just start with the first issue .  ok that 's fine .  alright yea i think we only offer mainly offer breakfast products and fresh food juices ...  so i think its better for me to do the operation hours early in the mornings to ..i mean late afternoon .  ok what times were you thinking ?  what did u have in mind ?  grocery , my ideal time would be from 6:30 to 6:30pm .  but , yea ...   the beginning time might be a little bit too early for you so ok yea .  that 's really early for me , especially since we're serving wine mostly .  the shop that we have elsewhere is , is open really late in the evening and we really don 't have a need , we don 't get very much traffic through early in the morning .  so if we don 't have lots of people so the later the more competitive you are .  yes .  yea , definitely .  i guess one thing that , that isn 't clear to me is whether or not our profits are going to be shared by the end of the day no no ?  ok they're still going to be separate businesses do you think ?  yea so i think its really imp for us to reach an agreementok sureso , so what do you think ?  any alternatives ?  wine , yea well our ...  well ideally we would like to have 10:30 in the morning , 10:30 at night .  which obviously is too late for breakfast .  that 's really too bad for me righti maybe i'll be broke .  right , that 's not going to workyea so , maybe sometime between this ?  ok do you absolutely have to  let see what about , 8 , half past 8 ?  till 8:30pm ?  i think that might be reasonable for both of us .  because its not gonna yield me the highest profits that just make it compellable .  to you its uh that 's still really early for us .  oh really ?  it is , yea .  people , when people are getting off work and things , they want to stop off somewhere and grab a bottle of wine .  so just for in our experience its better if we're open late than so you know .  i guess we're not at the two extremes in terms of hours of operations otherwise we can never reach an agreement .  that  , wine , well i would be willing to to10:30 is , well go on i was just going to say i 'd be willing to move on to some of the other topics and re visit this one if that 's something your interested in. .  okso do you want to just move right on to renovation costs ?  any item you want .  any item that i letscause of time yealets just go down the list .  as far as renovation costs go , we're , its  we're in dupont circle , this is one of the most bustling places , biggest business areas of dc .  so we're really not happy at all this point about the way the location looks .  we 'd really like to do a complete makeover on the building and like to propose that 25 thousand dollars for the renovation costs at this point .  we think that that. .  for a little wine shop ?  well yeabut people are not dining in right ?  rightthey're just going to grab a bottle and go home so my point of view , might be reasonable to just lower it , lower the cost a little bit .  because we're just mainly selling fresh food so we don 't really , need a to be a very fancy place .  people are not sitting inside and ideally you ...  did you say 25 thousand ?  yesfar as i'm concerned i 'd rather have 15 thousand .  does that work for you ?  not even close .  maybe ok ...  yea so we've got to be compatible .  rightwhat about 20 thousand ?  that 's a little closer .  20 thousand , might work ...  for both of usok , well don 't you think that if we spend more money on renovations , even if it 's a little small yea yea that 's a good logic but as far as a grocery store is concerned , renovation costs can do some harm to our profits .  because , yea. .  cause we're not getting any gain from this aspect .  can you understand ...  because so maybe i can yea .  yea , so 25 thousand ?  25 ?  ok .  that sounds good .  and , i think also , if you think about , about with in renovations , though if you think about how much you budget things to cost and they always end up costing a little bit more .  i feel like if we budget 25 thousand in total and maybe go into contracts with the different people that are going to be doing the renovations and tell them maybe 20 thousand dollars and it ends up being over by 5 thousand to that  25 thousand number that we have in our heads .  i feel like that would be , that would be better than having a surprise cost in the end .  ok .  but we are negotiating over the real costs .  yes , yes .  ; , we are negotiating over the real costs .  just a reminder to you. .  right .  right , but i'm thinking that maybe strategically down the road it would , that would be almost a good thing that ok that might work but that really does a little bit of harm for me .  ok i understand that .  ok so ok , do you want to agree on 25 thousand then ?  25 thousand i 'd prefer , i really want to go for 20 thousand .  i think that might work for both of us .  although i really need 10k you know .  cause that 's just fine enough for a grocery shop .  so i 'd rather spend 10k more just to accommodate you .  would you agree with that ?  i don 't know .  i really don 't think so .  i think that 25 is closer to what we needed .  but again , we can move on to other discussions .  if you want to come back but i don 't know .  i didn 't look at the time .  oh i didn 't either but i think she'll let us know .  ok there 's still time .  okbut 25k might work for me although its not so .its far from optimal but its acceptable .  ok lets move on .  do you want to decide on the 25 thousand  for now ?  lets move on .  ok , so floor space is the next item on my list .  ok so how much share do you need ?  at the moment we were leading towards , about 50% of the store .  50% ?  alright so you like to split in half .  yea , so you don 't need anymore , any less ?  well ideally we would like to have less .  because we don 't have as many products as you do .  so we would , we would be willing to take less than 50% of the store if you needed more space for the groceries .  did u say ideally you'll prefer less than 50% ?  yeswhat about 40% for you and 60% for me ?  that would actually be perfect for uswell ok , that 's also fine for me .  ok so sounds like we reached an agreement on that .  finally one .  well good work .  ok great .  and just looking at the sides for the store we have now compared to what . .  ok so tempok temperaturedo you sell cold drinks ?  well yes .  we need to have a very controlled temperature for our  for the drinks .  so right now we're looking at 67 degrees .  67 ?  that 's a bit too low for us .  because you know we're serving bread and cakes .  they're well preserved in the normal temperatures .  like room temperature .  so what would that be ?  probably 70 yea .  so around 70 .  ok so which one do you prefer ?  definitely we would prefer something a little colder than that so. .  ok what about 69 degrees ?  69 is ok but not its going to cost me some cost  but , but i can do thatbut we also have to figure the cost of heating into this .  so if we have a lower heating costs by lowering the temperature .  oh this is this all year around ?  controlled temp for the full year .  69 is not too hot nor is it too cold in winter so yea , but when we're talking about the products that we're trying to , to preserve in our temperatures ...  is the bread and the cakes that you have are those going to be warm ?  that your..your selling them warm ?  they're just normal .  they're just normal ?  cakes , bagels likeok and if it gets would it be chilly under 67 degrees ?  it might be little bit .  but i , you know , people , people can wear sweaters .  you know , there 's always so much that you can control for there .  we need to be considerate in terms of that .  i guess 69 might be a little bit better .  although its not going to minimize my costs but i prefer that .  would you agree with that ?  ok i can 69 degree .  ok i'm good at that .  so opening dates opening date; we would like to open as soon as possible .  why are you in such a hurry ?  just curious just because , it doesn 't , it doesn 't take us very much preparations to get our products in there .  we already have all of our products on hand .  we just need to basically bring them over .  so you buy the products from domestic sellers ?  well some international too but we have enough in our store rightwell we need to buy something 's from abroad so its going to take us sometime .  so maybe , so what would you suggest ?  well we really , as far as we're concerned we really just need but we're , in november .  we're in november , yeaso..what 's the time setting here ?  i mean i think this is for next , next summer , early fall .  that 's what we're thinking .  ok so its like august ?  august is  , actually really long time away for us .  the sooner we open , the sooner we can ok so , so where are we supposed to be in this this little story ?  i think its november .  we're in november right now and we're looking to the dates for next yr .  ok , ok i got you .  so next yr ?  yea , next summeralright i'm missing it still .  its ok .  so , so you 'd to open it , like in in summer ?  yea we 'd really like to open in the early summerbecause , you know , we can start making money sooner .  ok well  then we've got nothing to sell cause , its going to take something i don 't know .  we , yea .  we make the food ourselves but we need the inputs like some foreign products like coffee and tea .  tea from england maybe , india. .  i don 't know .  if you were to order it tomorrow may be it 's gonna , maybe its gonna tomorrow ..is. .  i don 't know i forget the. .  its ok you don 't have to its so you can understand .  so..it 's the ..the later the better. .  in september .  special items from abroad .  oh maybe equipments .  ok we need to train people .  ok we need to train people too .  you need to train people too ?  no no we don 't .  i was just you don 't ?  ok so but sept is too late for you i guessjust because we want to make money as soon as possible i guessyea you don 't want to wait .  time is costly .  so what about august ?  i would be more comfortable with july actually .  july ?  is that too much of a stretch for you ?  sounds acceptable provided we reach an agreement about hours .  because that one is gonna , gonna hurts ok so do we want to wait on the grand opening date and go back to hours ?  discuss that a little bit .  ok , ok yea .  its that ok ?  okdid that say 8 o clock , or 8:30 ?  yea , still is so early but  9:30 would be better .  9:30 ?  yea .  guess its 5 minutes .  5 mins ?  ok we're aware of that .  thanks .  alright 5 mins left .  9:30  bad .  that 's only good for over sleepers .  well its , its dupont circle though , so the people that are working there would be able to come by for coffee and doughnuts .  would be able to grab breakfast .  grocery , yea butyou , you would miss the morning commute but the true underlining values are in brackets .  oh well that i noticed the concepts but ok so we've got 2 issues left .  33 oh ok .  that 's too bad .  why don 't we combine these issues ?  like , if i can do you some favor about grand opening date like  i can agree on july but the hour of operations , i really prefer 8:30 .  well the july date was already quite a bit of compromise for me .  oh really ?  oh , for me too .  ok so  but i can actually agree on july 1st .  ok ok that sounds good .  what about renovation cost ?  i still don 't know how we would be able to. .  i i don 't see how we can do it for much less then 25 .  really ok okso is 25 ok ?  okwhat if we do 25 for renovation costs and we 'd be willing to do 8:30ok i understand maybe that one is more important to you .  yeaso just to review our , our decision ?  so 8:30 to 8:30 pm .  25 thousand .  60% floor space for me .  yeaalright 69 degrees its little warm for us..but..yea , its ok .  yea so we've got something in common .  yeayup .  alrightgreat .  i'm really glad with how we worked everything out together .  its like you have some compromise in some aspects and i can make it less ...  through something else. .  that 's sounds great .  yea , well thank you .  your welcome .  nice talking to you .  yes definitely .  what 's your major ?  i'm actually should i stop it ?  yea i think well maybe we should ask her ok. .  lynn ?  lynn , are you done ?  yeawe're done .  its fun .  good .  wine , how are you ?  i'm good , how are youwine , good good .  alright so i guess  we can start where ever .  where ever you want to start at .  i think my priority actually is the renovation costs .  i'll compromise on some other stuff but uh ...  ok actually , my priority i think is the opening date so alright when do you want to open ?  if we can open sept 1st  that would be great .  well the only way i would do that is if we could spend all 30 thousand dollars on , on the costs .  30 thousand ?  to me , i think that is pretty big .  so  i'll be happy if i can spend 10 thousand .  alright so answer is no .  yeaso um. .  so lets see when , when would you rather open up and close .  i 'd rather , since its a wine shop , rather go late at night .  10:30 to 10:30 .  grocery , to me , it would be great if i , if we can open at 7:30 .  10:30 is too late .  i have to pay a lot of money. .  ok , alright .  so how about..about floor space ?  we can split equally .  50% 50%alright  i would prefer a little lessbut we can work on that .  what about temperature ?  temperature .  i think that 71 degree will be  if we can have ok , well i prefer cooler for all the wine andyea but like to keep the liquor a little cold but i'm alsoso you ...  you want 65 ?  yea , but i can go to 67or 69if either of those work for you .  65 may be cooler .  67 even or ?  (murmuring) 69. .  i can , i can yea i can. .  i 'd rather go higher .  i can i think we should agree on the opening date .  well , i'll give you sept 1st  oh good!if you ...  well wait a second .  if you , if you .if you give me 25 thousand dollars in renovation. .  25 thousand ok , i can ...  yea i can do that .  okwhat about operation hours ?  i can do 9:30 to 9:30 .  it 's a little bit late .  well if we do 9:30 to 9:30 i'll split , i'll split it 5050 for you .  the , the floor .  how about the temperature ?  do you agree with 71 degrees ?  i can. .  well well lets kinda work the , the three of these issues at the same time .  so what 's the , the best floor space , what 's the optimal floor space for you ?  actually i don 't mind floor space .  the operational hours is more important to me but ...   .  actually 7:307:30 is best for mebut i can compromise on other things .  i can give you 69 if you give me 7:30 operational .  i think that 's dropping a little low for me on the hours of operationcause most of the customers come later at night you know  yea but most of the customers you know are probably not going to purchase after work so yea. .  that is true .  alright how about , how about 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that still a little too low ?  can you give me the 71 degrees ?  if you can give it then i can cover the wine , and then will you give me the 40% floor space ?  yupalright .  sounds good .  so 7:30 to 7:30 and 67 degrees or 6 ?  you mean the 60% floor space and 7:30 to 7:30 and 69 .  is that what you want ?  um drop it a little bit .  because both both hours of operation and temperature are pretty high priority for me .  i mean , i already dropped , renovation costs as my top priority and i already dropped a little bit for that .  and i gave you your top priority so ...  could you give me 67 degrees ?  67 degrees ?  do you agree on the operation hours ?  7:30 7:30 ?  wine , 7:30 to 7:30 .  ok then i give you .  alright .  so we have so we're we are all set .  7:30 to 7:30 .  25 thousand , 50% and 67. .  its 40% . .  4..40%yea and 67 67as the temperatureyea sounds good .  alright .  is that it ?  yea .  alright .  hialright so i'm from i'm tiffany , nice to meet you .  so , i'm from the wine shop .  i'm from the grocery .  right .  so we need to work out a agreement here about , all these different issues .  i guess we probably have to start with the first one which is the hours of operations ...  i was thinking because , i'm a wine shop and i have , you know this liquor that people are probably gonna wanna buy laterso i was thinking like , 10:30 am to 10:30 pm ?  well because i'm a grocery shop and i sell coffee and breakfast stuff .  so i was thinking more like 6:30 to 6:30 .  oooh yea see i think we have like opposite hours .  yea yea , i mean obviously that won 't work for me .  because 6:30 , probably like 9:30 's probably like my biggest typeplus i feel like what people are going to want to buy groceries at night too so people coming for wine and they're gonna want to come in forthe reason why i say 6:30 is , because breakfast hours .  and 6:30 i might have like more breakfast buyers .  yea i mean like you also can have likei mean , i think 7:30 might work out because you know people won 't buy i meani , i'm not , i'm not saying people won 't buy wine at like 7 yea i mean that 's kinda early , no ones going to buy wine at 7:30 in the morning .  i'm more thinking like 7:30at night because maybe people might go to wine shop and then start .   maybe have little parties afterwards .  cause 10:30s probably too late to buy wine i mean for whatever occasions you know .  well then how about , i mean what if we do like 8:30 to 8:30 ?  or 9:30 to 9:30 ?  how about 7:30cause 8:30s really late .  oooh i , we can 't and cause 7:30s so early cause like people are just getting off of work and it 's like dupont circle .  people don 't get of work until like 7 at least .  because people work a lot cause they have expensive bills to pay .  right , yea i understand what you are yea , so i mean i think that 8:30 to 8:30 will be and 8:30s still really early unfortunately .  8:30 am is late for me already .  yea , see 8:30 pm7:30 's just too early .  i can 't do 7:30 .  like i 'd make no money cause that would just be ...  7:30 's pm is too early .  yea 7:30 's pm is just too early for me to close .  alright lets work on 8:30 then .  8:30 ?  ok .  i think that 's fair .  somehtingoh , yea .  alright , so then next thing is renovation .  now i don 't care how much it costbecause i think that its imp to have a nice looking store front and store because it in a much more higher class area .  and so people will expect more .  so i'm willing to spend 30 thousand dollars on renovations .  right .  let me double check my hmmm ?  let me double check my ok well i'm i'm more ...  i'm thinking more like .  because , since we already have the store , and we're there already .  it 's more like connecting them and do little stuff .  so i would like like to minimize the cost as much as possible .  really ?  but like i feel like no i understand your 30 thousand dollars .  like i understand you want to be nice ...  like me too .  because i'm like a good quality grocery store .  but you know , its just its just connecting ...  i mean the money would only be like connecting the store and saying we're in huge for us saying we're combined and stuff like that so .  yea , i mean , but don 't you think that people are going to kind of expect that from us since we're both like high end businesses ...  and aren 't people going to but we already have the store .  we already have our renovated stores alreadyi mean its not really renovated , it still needs like a lot of work to it so .  well i don 't think 30 thousand may be 25 thousand; would that be better ?  how much were you willing to spend ?  10 thousand10 thousand!yea .  well yea .  i mean like ...  its just conneti like i said , its just connecting them .  so 30 thousand , or anything more than 10 thousand 's a little too much .  really , well i mean that kind of stuff is expensive like .  i mean , we're both high end businesses and we bothwait is this renovations cost for both of us or just each of us ?  i think it 's probably for  each spends the amount .  because we want to put in the same amount of like capital or whatever .  so i really want to spend more moneycause i really think it 's really imp .  especially since we're like like dupont is just like , i don 't know if your from the area but like its highly visible to everybody .  like everyone 's going to be seeing it and i think that a lot of times when you have .  the competition 's high there .  there 's lot of like specialty shops and so we need to like be ahead of the game and ...  in order to keep itbut we're already , we were already there .  like , we've been there forever .  we're just like combining right now right ?  no i think we just we're oh we just making ourwe're getting a whole new store , together .  yea .  wait but i am currently the owner of special grocery .  yea but its not ...  like the same .  we're going to be moving to another ...  oh so it okyea , we're moving to a different location .  so the ...  so we all just like we're taking our reputation and putting them into the well since we're already establishedyea , i mean we're established but we're not our name is our name is established but like , it 's. .  the location is not the location is not and i think that it 's really important that when we're we need to really come with a strong foot in the door .  i think maybe we should spend more time on the grand opening than the renovations .  ok well do you think cause you saying your saying that you want to start strong .  we want to start strong but i don 't think that i 'd rather spend the extra money and do more the renovations of the place , truthfully .  not going to workyea i mean ...  i just..10 dollars is not ...  i mean , i 'd say 25 thousand dollars would be the least that i would spend .  10 thousand 's the most that i would spend .  well i mean like , then how about , well let 's go on to the next one and we'll go back to that .  alright ?  floor space .  floor space i what are you thinking ?  i'm thinking 40% .  i'm thinking 60% .  ok well that was easy enough .  one thing we can agree on .  finally!i know exactly .  alright now i guess temperature is next .  i run a wine store so obviously need it to be a certain temp in order to keep my , you know , wines and things , all in good condition .  so i was thinking 65 degrees would be , would be ideal temp for my goods to stay at the quality .  how high i 'd like them to behow high would the temp would be if ...  for your wine to get.. ?  to get ruined ?  i mean it doesn 't say there but i mean , 67 , i 'd say would be the highest , would be the highest that i that i could do it. .  ok you see i am a grocer store and i have coffee , i have bread , i have vegetables .  and cold temperature 's is not really my thing .  i would say 73 .  ok 73. .  wow , that 's not wait .  that 's gonna my wine will go bad andneither of us would have any business cause i won 't be able to pay the bills .  so that 's not going to work , as much as i would love it to .  cause i don 't like the cold eitherbut i have a .  unfortunately it says what my product can ..yea what my product can withstand .  what will keep it at the quality that is necessary .  like i would say put something in between us but that 's not an option .  yea , i mean i can lets go for 69 because 69 i think will be good agreement .  that way we're both ...  it 's not too cold .  and that 's that 's pretty sweet ...  the temperature .  it 's like room temperature .  right and plus you'll have a cold section .  maybe we can put like the cold section in the back towards your side ?  yea yea like towards me and put the other section on the other side so if nothing else 73 degrees to 65 degrees!yea yea exactly!maybe we'll spread it all out so .  maybe we can do that .  grand opening!yes , alright .  so i was thinking the sooner the better .  in may why would you want it to be sooner ?  only because i just think we really need to get a start on this .  and so. .  and we'll  have plenty of time with renovations and the sooner the better .  we might as well jsurt start making money now so ...  do you have any qualms against that or ?  well the reason i would like it to be later , the later the better .  cause i'm ordering some items from abroad .  and i also need to hire a lot of people for my store. .  to like do some organize stuff sowhat were you.. ?  like i , i need a lot of  some time for organization and ordering and stuff like that .  ok ok now whatand i mean , once we open the store we can get the money back .  yea right well i mean like , well what date were you thinking of ?  septemberoooh well that 's the thing .  like , that 's just gonna be a little to late i think .  cause i have , like i but i thought your wine like the longer the better so you mighti mean its like a. .  as well wait another 4 months , 5 months .  i mean , no if its just sitting ...  i mean we have it and , i 'd like to start making some money .  we're going to have to close our wine shop and that 's going to leave like six months of basically not having any type of revenues or profits or anything .  we're just going to be spending money .  so i think for both of us it would be more convenient to open it now .  you said you needed i'm ordering stuff and hire  i'm still hiring .  so am i well i mean  when we're first opening , like i'm sure that some of my employees can , you know , offer their services to your , your side .  but i mean , i still have some items .  you still have some items ?  well what kind of items are you ?  from abroad .  special itemsspecial items from abroad ?  well , but your , but your store is operating fine now right ?  is my question yea but its running short soyea , i mean we'll just maybe not have those few items when we first open and then offer them later , once we open .  cause i'm ready to go like right now so ...  but do you think you'll have enough people for me and ?  yea!i should have enough people to cover your sideand plus like ...  if we and that would kind of like  if you have like a store open and we're open for like two months and you bring more special products , we can maybe like do something to work in likeyea i mean i know , but i don 't want  the thing is like i don 't want my opening to missing some items .  i want to promote , like i don 't want to miss out .  i want to have something special for my opening .  is there anyway you can expedite to get it here faster ?  i there anything you can do to ?  i think i'll call but i don 't think so .  ok well then i mean september 1st is too long .  i'm thinking. .  i don 't know .  i don 't know .  i really cause i feel like july is a really slow month cause a lot of people are on vacation .  it 's a but they're be a lot of people too due to dupont circle so ok we can do july 1stalright , back to renovationsok yes .  alright; yea .  i mean , i'm still really going for 25 thousandcause i really think that like the look of the store and the quality of our store and the inside of it is really going to ...  you know .  kind of help us with what we need .  cause we really need to have like , a bigger , a better , and nicer , and a higher quality looking store cause then people will actually come in .  cause it 's in a highly visible area .  people are going to be walking by it everyday and they're going to be walking by a thousand other shops .  we have to get something we need to spend extra money to , you know , make people want to come to our store .  and i know this'll make more money for you too in the end because you'll be getting more customers .  we have a but then that renovation costs , we might not get it back .  this is kind of like high risk .  cause , we aren 't sure how much business we'll get for , forever .  so that 's why i don 't want to put much risk , or much investment into renovation costs .  cause even if i were to spend that much i' rather it be  spend it on other things such as like hiring more people or like ordering more items .  and just currently the space needs some exterior work and some interior work so ...   it 's not like we're building a store out of nowhereso i don 't , i don 't think 30 thousand .  i think 30 thousand is a little too much so ok well i think that , i mean i think that 25 thousand would be a really good amount then .  if we're gonna kind of like negotiate only because lets agree on the middle one .  how about that ?  20 thousand ?  ok .  we go with the middle one .  are we done ?  we're done .  yea , i think so .  should we press stop or ?  just press stopok lets see soso hihii'm sorry can you pronounce you name again for me ?  i didn 't catch it .  my name is my name is my name is shudong .  shudong ?  shudong .  yea exactly yeaok nice to meet you .  nice to meet you .  your dan right ?  yea yea .  so i'm looking forward to doing business with youyea yea .  hopefully we can cooperate with each other successfully .  yea , yeaso lets get started ?  so , well i think we have same issue we need to settle down .  so which one do you prefer to discuss first .  i mean , among 5 options , hour of operation , renovation cost , and floor space , temperature .  which one do you want to talk about first ?  ok i'm happy to go with hrs ops first if you areyea .  hours of operations .  ok .  i would like to discuss first .  that would , that would be great .  okso you know i run a grocery store so i want to sell coffee , cookies and stuff .  so i would like i prefer the hours is 6:30am , 6:30pm .  what is your opinion ?  well , its  i think on this one we sort of have we're at opposite extremes .  because i'm , i'm in the business of selling wines and liquor so its , its in my interest to want to be open as late for people shopping for parties or what have you .  so my , my preferred option would be 10:30am to 10:30 pm .  however i mean i don 't , i don 't think it 's reasonable for me to ask you to open that late .  because i understand you want you want to sell coffee to people before they get to work .  right ?  yea .  well personally you see i prefer to open the store as early as possible , sure sureyou know  no body will drink coffee after 6:30 , you know , in evening .  so ..what what is best can you like you can offer. ?  well what i would suggest again , cause i think ...  if , if , if you , if you are interested in selling coffee to people before they get to work or snacks or what have you people getting lunch before they get to work if , if you were to open at 8:30 that would  and and remember you're your right at dupont circle right ?  i mean , that 's where , that 's where we're we're going to be .  so people have , i would say probably have time when they get off the metro to , you know , to get off and grab a cup of coffee before they get to work .  if , if we opened at 8:30 .  does that sound reasonable to you ?  well , i mean yea , it sounds reasonablebut , you know .  8:30 , most of people they they have already , you know , in office so yea , you think so ?  well yea so , i think probably they would , they would not stop by my , my store , you know , to buy a cup of coffee .  but you know , i mean , i think 6:30pm close , would close the store is too much for you .  i mean obviously , you know , people used to buy beer after in the evening .  so maybe we , we can get  make a compensation .  we open at like 7:30 ?  well i'm open to that .  i'm open to that if we can talk about some of the other issues that are important to me .  why don 't we say right now could , could we say that at the moment that we're are open to considering either 7:30 or 8:30 for the time being ?  and let ...  lets talk about some of these other things too so we can come back to that ?  ok so you mean conditionali mean ...  yea  i'm just saying lets talk about some of the other ones and see where we are .  ok that 's like a good ideawhat should we talk about next ?  the next ?  we could well maybe we could talk about the floor space ?  sureyea ?  so..so i mean , since you run liquor store , you don 't need too much space .  i mean i mean this is my thought ...  ok ?  i'm i'm  kind of selling coffee and something so i have to make a little bit of space more space for customers to take a break .  but people used to buy liquor like a walk in and walk out .  so i would say 6 40% for you and 60% for me and ...   that reasonable or ?  that , that , that sounds completely reasonable to me .  yea yea .  so i mean , that , that 's pretty much what i figured i would want to have .  that i think is  right about where i need to be to put my inventory out .  and it 's pretty much exactly like you say .  so 40% for me and 60% for you that sounds great , great to me .  ok that would be great .  yeathat 's ...  that 's one solvedi think we solved one .  now what 's next ?  we want o talk or discuss .  lets oh gosh .  let 's talk about the renovation costs .  and here 's here 's what i'm thinking here .  i'm defiantly open to hearing what you have to say .  as i'm looking at the space it doesn 't look like it 's in great shape to me .   i think it'll probably need a fair amount of work to get it in order .  and you know , not not just for , you know , you know our own safety and well being .  i think it 's probably the case you and i would probably do more business if we had an attractive store front .  exactlyyea so i'm , i'm of the opinion that it will take about 30 thousand to ...  to get the place in good working order and make it look attractive .  and that 's , that 's jut what i'm throwing out there so i 'd be happy to hear what your thinking .  well i think 30 thousand dollars is a little bit a lot for me .  little bit high ?  i mean i , so for the grocery store ...  i i i i don 't really think i need to put that huge amount of money to renovate stuff .  so i would like to , you know , put some amount to train my employeesso it 's 30 thousand is a little bit a lot .  but i think if i ask like 10 thousand ?  it , that 's too much for you because .  i mean i understand you you run a business well you bring a lot of customers .  rightthen we basically , we both have a lot to benefit .  so maybe can we just , you know .  leave this , with open hours operation and then we can talk about temperature ?  alight .  what what are you thinking about temperature ?  i mean , i mean for me the temperature well you know the lower temperature will mean too much cost right ?  because because of the air conditioning ?   ?  air condition , for both you and me .  rightso i would say we just chose the , the highest temperature so that 's 7. .  so your thinking 73 ?  because its , its comfortable enough for the customers and , you know , we do not have to spend too much cost .  electrical bill , you know so that 's my concern .  i'm open to well , well and i'm , you know , certainly .  i'm concerned about the electrical bill as well .  one of one of my concerns though is i have several wines and liquors that need to be stored at low temperature .  that they , their , when they're stored cooler , they , they'll preserve better .  they'll they'll keep longer; they'll keep their flavor and their quality much better .  so i think here here 's another on where you know it maybe that its preferable for me to have the temperature as low as possible but you know ...  and again i think ...  i think here , low as possible , for , for us , would mean 65 degrees .  and this is another issue where i don 't ...  i'm not interested in keeping it super super coldbecause it 's , you know , your right , its expensive and its probably not as comfortable .  65 i think people would have goosebumps when they're walking in .  yea but well you think the problem is 65 is a little bit cold for customers .  yea yea i agree completelyworking freezeryea yea rightbut think about it .  say , 73 and 65 basically , it 's for the ...  for the storage of food  it doesn 't make too much difference .  but for the feeling , comfortable that do make ...  that make a huge difference if they don 't feel comfortable they will not come in anymore .  right. .  i think that it will ...  however , it will probably make a difference for our liquors if if , you know , if they end up being of poor quality , people won 't buy them then .  so i'm i'm i'm i'll tell you i'll tell you what i'm thinking then .  i would say that , you know , i would i would prefer to have it at 67 degrees but 69 degrees would be do able for me .  does that sound like a reasonable.. ?  well if you consider 71 , 69 they only have 2 fahrenheit difference .  that doesn 't make too much difference for your storage food .  think about it .  you will run acing for a longer time which means you pay the bill more .  i mean this is a long period .  we're talking about , like , you know , once we settle down this ...  it 's it 's going to be always there .  but for your beer and stuff you can maybe circulate it quickly in small amount ?  but the bill you cannot change it anymore .  but this is definitely my concern for this one so ...  yea .  and 73 is best for mebut i know , i understand that if we can settle down at 71 that would be actually its i think ...  also both of us can benefit with the electrical billyea i hear , i definitely hear what your saying .  but i the investment in my stock ...  the , the wines and liquor that i sell is frankly ...  is worth a lot more for me than the electrical bill .  and i'm willing to put up with that cost of the electricity bill to ensure that i give my customers a high quality product .  yea but , does that really make difference ?  only 2 fahrenheit ?  wine , well again , i'm telling you that , it would be ...  the optimal temp for me would be 65 .  so i would , i would , that would be 6 degrees difference if were to go to 71 from where its best for me .  if we go to 69 , i'm probably sacrificing a little bit in quality but i'm willing to make that sacrifice for our customers .  ok , ok , i think it seems like we have to sacrifice , you know .   ok i would say , yea , since 71 , 69 you know .  ok , i can accept 69 .  ok that 's great i really appreciate that .  yea but so then like .  then what about well you see since , i have to work in the day , i may sacrifice on the temperature ...  what about lets go back to renovation costs .  can i get like 15 thousand ?  lets um. .  or , you will be more comfortable to talk about the grand opening date ?  let , let , lets deal with the grand opening date .  ok , ok which one do you. .  well , i , i i think that we'll like to get open right away and start making money .  and i my preferred date would be may 1st .  well , but i i need to import stuff oversees so i i need some time to prepare .  ok how much time would you need ?  so i would prefer sep 1st .  i know it 's a lot but think about it .  i mean , if i don 't have too much things to sell i mean basically we're kind of package deal , you know , if i cannot run my store well and then basically your  not many customers will show up .  sure sureyea , so i think maybe just give me sometime to prepare well then both of us can benefit .  well again ...  i , i i i think do , do you ...  well lets see so we're talking 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .  4 months later than my preferred date .  would , would 3 months , would aug 1st be enough time for you to get what you need ?  so we can at least get open and start making a little bit of moneyyou mean august 1st ?  yeawell it 's a little bit tight .  the schedule .  so ...  well i will say can we ...  if we can combine the first two issues then i would , i would consider aug 1st .  ok so your talking if we can come to a deal on hours ops then. .  yeaok well lets go back there .  i think where we , where we left off on hours of operation we were , we were trying to decide on 8:30 and 7:30 and then on renovations your suggesting 15k and i was suggesting 30 thousand .  yea .  so , what if we settle down like 7:30am to open the store and i pay 20 thousand and i open like at it 's possible i open sept1 ?  sept 1st .  and like ..ok what do you think ?  well ..well let me , do you mind if i take a second and do a little math here ?  ok so 20 thousand and 7:30 and september 1st. .  and september 1st ok .  i i gotta say that ...  that i don 't think that will , will really do it for me because and i'm just , i'm really , i think my , my biggest concern right now is the .  the openi well , actually it 's the renovation costs and i i think that. .  here 's what i would suggest .  if we were to open with the hours of operation ...  if we could go from 7:30am to 7:30pm , ok , do renovation costs at 25 thousand , and open on aug 1st again , so we can just get a little bit of , little bit more time to earn some money. .  well. .  during the month of august .  would that make sense ?  you know i , i would prefer like september 1st .  in that case i can pay 30 thousand with out any problem ?  oh really ?  yea , what do you think ?  so i'm ...  yea , to well prepare i would like to ...  what months you like ok that make 's sense .  30 thousand , 7:30 and september 1st right ?  right .  ok .  greatgreatok hi , nice to meet you .  nice to meet youi guess we have to come to an agreement if we're going to be sharing the space in terms of how we're going to set up our store .  yeawhen are we going to start ?  how about , do you mind telling me about your situation so that i can have a comprehensive understanding ?  well for me , because you know like the groceries , we have a lot of items we need to show .  so the more we can get the better .  ok that 's fine .  so how much would you like ?  my well i think its 60% .  ok .  that sounds good then .  so i'll take 40 and you can have 60 .  ok , so that gives us an idea of how..maybe how much its going to cost us to go about renovating the space .  i don 't know how you feel about how it exists right now .  ok we just have some we just only need some external and some interior work .  we don 't need to send as much money on the renovations yet .  so my situation , i 'd like to spend no more than 10 thousand dollars .  wine , ok , well 10 thousand dollars is not going to get us very much in terms of return customers .  it might , it might be helpful in the long term if we spend a little bit more upfront and maybe that will help us in the long term .  how about your ideal renovation costs ?  i mean , i , i think that if we spend maybe double the amount to 20 thousand that might pay off in the long run .  ok no problem .  ok ?  yea .  because i think , you know , the floor space , will be actually almost like 5050 .  sure ok .  that will be fine .  and especially its easier to do it upfront than down the line .  ok , what should we discuss next ?  i think the , i think the big problem is the hours of operations .  i can imagine that you prefer the late hours because most customers will buy in the early morning .  but for me , because we sell all the breakfast items. .  ok so we may want to reach an agreement on that because we obviously have to be open at the same time .  i , yea. .  i think the later hrs will be too late in order to possibly effect your business and .  but at the same time if people are coming in the later to purchase wine , they might also be influenced to get items from your store as well .  so i guess how early do you want to open in the morning ?  my ideal situation is , i need to open at 6:30 till 6:30pm .  but i know this is to early for you .  so i'm thinking of , how about 7:30or 8:30 ?  well 8:30 would be idealcause then your getting the get the end of the people coming in for breakfast as well as the wine between people that will be coming in to buy stuff for lunch as well as the people coming in to buy stuff for dinner .  whereas if we , if we closed early we might be making more money off people buying lunch and dinner items .  well , i need to think about this .  ok , can we talk about something else then cause we're. .  sureok i guess the next thing that 's going to be pretty important is when we're going to open the store .  and that i think depends on how long it takes us to renovate it .  i guess what are your priorities in terms of when you wan to open it ?  i 'd prefer to have the grand opening date the later the better .  ok because it will take you yea because it willmy ideal time would be september .  okso how about august ?  i guess if we're able to i mean i would , i would be ok with opening in august if , if maybe you would consider going a little bit later in terms of the daily operation time .  so if we , if we , if we open at 8:30 instead of 7:30 or 6:30 .  i , i would be ok with , because i'm hoping for money right because i already have a lot of stuff in storage .  as i mentioned that , because we need to import the items , i think i can sacrifice the hours .  so if you are fine with august , the opening , it will be great .  these things are more important for you. .  for you. .  for me .  sure ok .  if we can , if we can open the store on a daily basis later in the morning , i would be more than happy to accommodate you .  because your success is somewhat dependent on my success as well and vice versa .  ok , so , i can guarantee that we ...  well 6:30 is out .  ok that , that 's good .  cause there 's no way i would be selling wine at 6:30 .  yea i know .  it 's impossible .  lets seewe belong to the same corporation .  exactly .  i think we should maximize the corporate profitfor both of usi agreeso would you rather open at 7:30 or 8:30 ?  grocery , ok how about 8:30 ?  8:30 would be terrific!yea ?  okand we have only one issue need to be solvedso that 's the temperature .  the temperature .  for me its actually better if we keep the store at a lower temperature justbecause of the requirement for my product .  i'm not sure how you would like the temperature of the store to be .  ok , ideally i would like to have the temperature 65 degrees .  65 ?  yea .  for me..for the wine..its good .  for me like 73  is the best for me .  so well , in the winter time it 's going to cost more to make it warmer .  than it will to have a lower temperature .  yea but in the opposite , in the summertrue , i agree .  what if we stay in the middle ?  so 69 degreesor 67 degrees ?  69 , because if its just the temperature by 2 degree a day by itself .  and basic is that we going to..we both have almost half half floor space so i think that the temperature in the middle is acceptable um i'm wondering .  i'm wondering would you prefer anything that i canlets see yea my information says that we're selling wine and that preserves best at lower temperature .  i don 't know that , that how much the temperature wil effect the product but i 'd be willing to settle in the middle , because obviously , like you were saying , we're both focused on half the , half the floor space .  69 is ok with you ?  frankly speaking that 's a lot , lot of money to set the temperature at 69 .  so i don 't think i can go lower .  69 will be fine then .  really ?  yea , 69 will be fine .  so i know if you have a problem , probably we can , you know , make it proper we can nego  renegotiate about other item .  well if in someway we might be able to spend a little bit more on renovating the existing space , i would be ok with storing my product at the current , at a little bit higher temperature than i 'd like .  would you mind wait for me for like 1 minute ?  sure .  (murmuring) floor space .  so how do you think about the renovation costs ?  i 'd like to spend 5 thousand more dollars .  ok so 25 i'm sorry ?  i 'd like to spend 25 thousand .  25 thousand .  ok that 's fine .  no problem .  so we'll increase our upfront spending and we'll make a little bit more money in the long term by keeping the temperature at 69 degrees .  ok ok i think that we might have done all that was. .  oh i wanted to ..restate the oh ..go through on what we agreed on .  i agree .  so we're going to , we're going to open from 8:30 to 8:30 .  and we're going to spend 25 thousand dollars to renovate .  and i will have 40% of the space you're going to have 60% .  and we'll keep the temperature at 69 degrees and we'll open on aug 1st .  yea .  that 's right .  ok thank youthank you .  ok so , first , first thing i guess , we can talk about is the hours of operation ?  okwell whats good for you ?  well since i'm selling wineso obviously i wanna stay open later .  late yeayea , the later the better .  well how about you ?  what do you need ?  grocery , well the stuff that i have ...  we we prefer earlier .  rather early .  but i'm pretty sure we can..it probaly doesn 't have to be that early .  i'm thinking , you know , 7:30 am 7:30ish ?  7:30 ?   ?  that 's that 's that 's a little bit off .  for hours of operations that 's a little low , low for me .  but i , i could do 8:30 if ?  yea 8:30 is 8:30 ok ?  i mean 9:30 is well 10:30 is the best for me .  but don 't i don 't know if i could go any lower than 8:30 looks like well lets see..we can. .  yea we can come back to that yea. .  how would whats the most important thing for you ?  you know , just , just can you. .  well what 's the most important thing for you ?  well i think the store needs to look a little bit better to draw customers in .  so as far as renovation costs , lets see .  i 'd kinda like to go all out and go with 30 thousand .  how do you feel about that ?  ok , i can settle for ...  ok if , if we .  if i settle for 30 thousand you think you might be open at 7:30 instead ?  7:30 , is that , is hours of operations your most important ?  is that , is that the most important issue for you ?  do you have another ?  grocery , well the opening date is .  opening date ?  yea , but the prio , the second priority would be the hours of operationsthe hours of operations ?  i mean , that 's my second priority too so i feel kind of like if we can , if we could go in the middle for that .  go in the middle ?  but i'm definitely willing to play around with the opening date .  what would you suggest for renovation coh. .  costs though ?  renovation costs , i can settle for , i can settle for , 30..i can , i i i might be able to settle for your cost if we open at sept 1st .  or if you know , if you , you have another date then nothat might be differentlets see .  yea lets how about ...  lets come back to that .  to renovations cost and grand opening at the end .  and let 's take care of floor space and temperature .  is that alright ?  does that sound good ?  sureok .  but as its stands , i'm willing to at least agree for august 1st for the grand opening date .  aug 1st for grand openingyea , at least .  ok ?  i could , i could go as far as september if things work out .  as far as floor space and temperature go .  okok so , what  how about temperature ?  what are you thinking you 'd like ?  your dealing in breads and that kind of stuff right ?  yea so it might be little bit higher temperature .  little bit higher , i mean , i was hoping for 73 degrees but .  ok , ok .  ok , for once obviously again , the lowerlower ?  yea the lower in temperature the better .  let me think about that a little what about floor space ?  what if how do you feel about floor space ?  60% was what i thought for ...  for you ?  yea for me .  ok , that would then give me 40% ?  yea .  do you need more space or do you need less space ?  well if , if we went right in the middle with temperature , i 'd be willing to do 40% on floor space .  you 'd be willing to 40% on floor space ?  yea , for me , for me .  okand which would give you your 60 .  if you went in the middle with temperature at 69 degrees .  and i 'd do the grand opening date at sept 1st .  grocery , ok that will work .  if we do the renovation costs at 30 thousand 30 thousand ?  yea back to that .  ok so we , sept 1st , 69 degrees , 30k ?  ok and and then the 40 , 40 the 60 for you .  yea let me just tally that first .  ok .  lets see .  was there something else that you 'd prefer ...  if it 'd work better or ?  well , let me think here .  i mean , either , if either the ...  lets see .  i mean the hours of operations or the temperature , if it were a little bit better for me that would be great .  but at the same time i know for you too , that we're both in , we're both in the extremes there .  i would , i would like the coldest and the latest and you would like the earliest and the warmest and the earliest .  i mean , so i feel like that 's not really alright now compared to those , like between those two , which ones a little bit better for you or which one is ?  the hours of operations .  hours of operations is better for you ?  yea if it were later .  if it were later ?  but i mean , again i realize its your second most..soyea its my second most as wellyou need temperature .  lets see , we both have our , the ones that we consider most important now , we have those .  right ?  second , we really can 't deal with .  third is temperature for you ?  i have temperature for me as well .  and i don 't , i don 't really mind being in the middle there .  its fine for me .  looks like , seems like pretty , pretty optimal .  yea it is pretty optimal .  yea and the grand renovation costs are least imp for me .  yea yea ok .  yea that 's why , the grand opening for me i mean , ideally i would like to go as early as possiblebut i don 't mind because you were willing to go for renovation costsso that , that sounds ok with me .  yea its seems good .  ok .  alright .  ok should just , should we open the door ?  yea .  lynn ?  so what kind of bread is your best seller ?  huh ?  what kind of bread ?  what kind of bread ?  i have no idea .  lynn , you done ?  that was fast .  how're you doing today ?  goodi'm ryanyang .  yang , how do you say that ?  yang , y a n g .  yang .  oh yang , yang ?  yeayang ?  yesok , where are you fromchina .  what about you ?  i'm from the states .  ohio .  oh ...  ok now let 's begin .  yea sure so i guess , i mean the way i look at this is ...  .you know , we both have our needs and wants and we're going to be working closely so our , you know .  it 's potential that our stores are going to be right next to each other so i would like to do what 's best for both of us .  so how do you feel ?  just this is here and we can try our best so we can get the same thing .  both good to to us .  yea , so .  ok so they're a couple of main concerns to us .  then maybe we should begin at the first one just the hours of operations ?  yea , what works best for you ?  for me , we serve different breakfast itemsso earlier would be betterbut i know that too early , it might also be bad .  so to me 7 , 7:30 would be a good time to open .  7:30 and maybe close at 9 .  or , sorry close at 7:30pm .  i know this but one problem is that i think maybe in your scheduleis that when you start earlier and then you have to closer there , it awful for our wine .  for just some liquor , it 's not very goodso maybe we have change  .  yes i know that for you 7 is best and maybe for me the 9:30 is best .  9:30 is. .  yea yea sothe only , the main problem i have with 9:30 is that by that time most people are already at work and so they wont have a chance to stop in and where as i feel that if , if we were to do 7:30 , most people are done with work at 7:30yea fine i know i know your concern but you should also think about my suggestion! i thinksurei think i don 't want to talk too long about this  i want to give a suggestion that , if i do some or can. .  i don 't know how to how to say .  if i can give up or do some do something .can i get back in the other concerns or the other issues ?  so maybe we just cannot then i think may be the 8:30 is ok .  its just if you knew that we do not want to close very early and i also know your problems .  it 's also so .  maybe i think we both. .  yea i think .  i think 8:30 sounds sounds good .  but , my question is that between the hours of 7:30 and 8:30 at night , i'm wondering how many customers you would actually have between that time .  i feel that i would have more , more customers between 7:30 an 8:30 in the morning than you would probably have between 7:30 and 8:30 in the night .  its , its just the do you see what i'm saying ?  yes there' just a complete i understand your suggestion but you should also think that if we close that time .  or even , after that , even we close that ...  the better time for us say 10:30 .  but yes , i am sure that you cannot agree  with so yeas so maybe we cannot i did not offer that suggestion .  so maybe the better. .  that 8:30 or the other things ?  ok , i'm just trying to think if , because most people , just one more point , most people when they're goingbut you know that most of people , they , if they want to buy the wines from   its such things they just    maybe     young persons or they want to go to bar or the other places , its also in the night .  yes i know what..you are also very , when you open late you also have problem but the same for me. .  do you wan to settle for 8:30 ?  yea maybe i think its ok , so 8:30 to 8:30 .  now as far as renovation , because i do see some work that needs to be done .  but i don 't think it 's significant enough but i would like to offer 15 thousand dollars .  15 thousand ?  to to spend on renovations .  yea i thinking from your attitude yes , maybe you think 15 is okbut from more things we can attract more consumers .  you know that , yes maybe you can ...  image is not very important to your , to your shop but i don 't think so .  you can know that there are any holidays or the other things you have to pay these .  you have to pay this money .  maybe you can go all out for the consumers .  ok so i wouldn 't like to spend anymore than 15 thousand .  what , what is your limit ?  or what would you ideally lie to spend ?  i , i 'd like to 25 thousand .  25 thousand ?  so may beyea , i just don 't have 25 thousand .  it 's too much for me .  i don 't have it .  you can borrow it from bank ...  yes .  i don 't think the bank will lend me anymore moneyjust try .  so maybe i think that we have concern here .  it 's not easy for us to get the same idea very soon yea ?  so i was thinking that you can agree with me when i do some ...  do the other things for you .  when you just get the floor space or the temperature .  you know that it 's also important to you and also imp to me .  for both its important .  so i think maybe ...  or we just pull this concern there and we thenhere 's here 's what i'm willing to do .  on this one , i'm willing to go , i'm willing to go 20 .  are you willing to do 20 ?  20 thousand ?  yesi know if .  if you can   i was thinking i could do someyou can accommodate me later ?  ok let 's go 25 .  yea i will try my best to to help you with the othersok that sounds good .  now you mentioned floor space .  what , now this is something for me that is important .  and i , i would like 60% of the floor space .  here 's why; a lot of my products that i carry are larger and take up more space .  and so , because of that i feel that , because of that and because of the fact that your , you know , your wine bottle can such can be stacked easier ?  yesi feel that because of that i feel my stuff will take up more space  therefore i should have a little more space in the store .  so your , your fine with 70% is what your saying .  you can , yes .  you can in the 70% .  ok yea , let lets go with that , i'm i'm happy with that .  now tell me about temperature cause i'm sure some of your your wine .  oh so sorry , i want to you first you said how many ?  60 ?  7 wait say that again .  the floor space , at first you want to ?  i wanted 60 so i ...   but i'm fine with 70 .  i i i i made a mistake .  you now that maybe i made a mistake .  60 is ok ?  you think 60 is ok ?  yes .  you 60 my 40 is ok ?  ok good .  and yesand then temperature ...  yes .  yes so you probably have maybe some products that you 'd like to have in certain temperature .  so..so what are you thinking ?  to me me i think most of my products need to be kept at 65 .  i just say the truth 65 .  i know that you cannot accept this temperature .  so if i know this .  so i want to know that you are and then we can get some yes well i feel that for me anywhere between 69 and 71 degrees .  i would prefer to be warmer but but i'm willing to to do either 71or 69 degrees .  is 67 ok ?  i think its just so i can  you can just consider this .  i know that it 's a problem for you yes ?  so it 's a problem for me but i want to get the samething we can get yes ?  ok so here 's a , here 's an idea .  lynn , you done ?  that was fast .  hihi!so , i'm with the ye old wine shopyeaand i'm excited about us working together and our new location .  and i think we have some details to work out .  i have five priorities that i want to talk about and maybe i'll just let you know what those are and if there 's any other issues that you want to talk about oknook .  so what are what is your priority for your your opening hours ?  what were you thinking ?  grocery , you know because this is a grocery store and i can sell coffee and all the other breakfasts itemsso so for me as early as the better .  ok .  and for me selling wine , alcohol , its better for me to stay up open later .  so maybe we can come to a compromise on the hours .  my preference is to open at 10:30 and close at 10:30 .  which i understand may affect your coffee sales .  yea , 10:30'll be too late for the breakfast items so ok , well considering that people go to work at around 9 o' clock , what if we did , you know , 8:30 to 8:30 ?  that way i could stay open late enough so that people could purchase wine after work and they could also purchase coffee before work .  yea but the , but the the thing is , you be consider we have the 5 items , so for the  i think temperature is very critical for. .  for you ?  for you , right ?  temp is critical for , for the wine needs to be stored at a cooler temp so yea  but i do not have any preference for temp so okok well if i went to 67 degrees ?  and what if we did 67 degrees and 8:30 to 8:30 ?  i think its better 7:30 am through and 67 degrees .  so how do you think about this ?  i think that 7:30 is too early to close for mecause for wine sales we really need to be open later .  but let 's let 's talk about some other categories and see what else yeaare you , what kind of floor space are you interested in occupying ?  because i'm selling the grocery stuff so i think i want my space a little bit bigger than yours .  but .  okbut and considering the costs so my preference would be 60% for space .  ok great .  and my preference is 40% for me so that would be something we could agree upon .  yeaok that works out well cause i was looking at 40% as what i would want .  and what about renovation costs for , for wine sales its really imp that the atmosphere that a customer is in to purchase wine is is nicer .  so i'm think about investing 30 thousand into the space , the renovation costs .  what is you priority as far as ?  yea for the grocery store i do not care much about the how the store looksso my preference is 10 thousand .  ok , well i wonder if its possible for me to invest more in my 40% space and have that area a little nicer than the grocery section .  yea , i could yea .  so , for the 15 thousand ?  what do you think about this ?  wine , lets see .  well i mean looking at , i was looking towards 30 thousand for investing so maybe we could go to 25 .  i mean as far as , if if i'm compromising on the hours of operation then. .  so. .  i mean , we're going to need to make this a really attractive place for people to want to come even when the time isn 't as convenient for them .  yea so so the hours you would like to offer now ?  for the operation hour ?  wine , well if i'm gonna compromise on renovation costs , i 'd like to make sure that i'm at least getting the hours operation that i would want .  oh so what is the hour of operation now ?  i think , i mean i 'd like my preference is 10:30 to 10:30but maybe we could do 20 thousand in renovation costs and do 9:30 to 9:30 .  but you mentioned 8:30 before .  if , if you know , we could make certain compromises on these issues .  i think i could accept 8:30 and give you 25 thousand renovation .  ok i would be happy with that .  greatand what are you thinking about your opening date ?  for the opening date , i think it 's , i think late is better .  i ..so my preference would be sept 1st .  wine , ok and my preference is earlier .  would you be able to open on june 1st ?  no its way too early .  but i think , even for wine store i think you still need some time to prepare for the opening right ?  well we're putting a lot of money into the renovation so the earlier that we can get open and get sales started the better its going to be for business so. .  yea but we're going to have to train somebody before the opening so well lets see .  lets see the temperature .  if you could agree to keep the temp at 65 i could move my opening date to july 1st .  which would still give me a lot of the end of summer sales so 65 is way too low for , for me .  because i have to pay the extra air conditioning costs to keep the low degree , low temp so my 1st preference is 73 degreeso it 's a big difference between 65 so. .  well what about 67 and opening earlier ?  june 1st and 67 degrees ?  i think it 's still low .  so , thinking so how about 71 degree and then july 1st ?  71 degrees is really warm for the temperature that , that wines and liquors are are , you know , best preserved at .  the lower temperature 's to keep our stock in better quality for longer so that temp is really imp to us .  yea i could compromise a little bit on the degree , the temp but the grand opening date you'll have towell how about 67 degrees and july 1st ?  oh i'm thinking about aug the 1st and 67 degrees .  so how do you think about this becauseok 67 degrees and aug 1st ?  i'll agree to that .  okgreat!we should share our so 8:30 , 25 thousand in renovations .  40 thousand ...  i mean 40% space for me and 60% for you .  and 67 degrees , aug 1st we'll open .  yeagreatok we're done .  hihinice to meet youhi my name is markmy name is lekyour .  nice to meet younice to meet you .  so you're the owner of the upper crust grocery shop ?  yea , and i take it you're the owner of the whatever the wine shop .  the ye old wine shop .  yea exactly , nice name!so we need to decide on some issues hereright .  so we have to agree on the 5 issues .  yea  hrs ops. .  yea , renovation costs , floor space , temperature , grand opening date .  yea .  guess we can start with hours of operationsright .  well actually i have one suggestion .  sine you know , we're going to be haring the space and we would like both of us to benefit ...  let me propose that maybe we can talk about which of these 5 issues is actually most important to you .  yea , and then we can probably , you know compromise in the interest of each other .  sureok so which of these is most important for you ?  looks like .  i think it would be the renovation costs .  renovation costs .  what would your most important be ?  for me , i would say ...  well i've go two .  yea for me hours of operations and grand opening date would be kind of important .  okso why would the renovation costs be most important to you ?  i just believe its very important to present you know a very attractive looking store which would like on entering the store ok , yea i guess the expectations are a bit high for selling wine your projecting that through , like and impression of class i see .  yea yeai see .  ok and why do you say grand opening date ?  why is that very important ?  so the one reason is that i might be importing from like other countries and it will take some time to actually ship all the , the material .  and also i would like to make sure we have enough time to train and hire good employees and have enough time to train them .  actually that would be pretty important for you too i would suppose .  surefor me it would be best to start as late as possible which would be like sept 1st .  ok i'm thinking a little bit earlier on thatbut i'm able to , to compromise on that issues .  would you ...  i was just think here so renovation costs , that 's my important as grand opening date is for you .  renovation costs , i was thinking of spending 30 thousand .  ok and less than that would be too little for you ?  less than that , yea i feel it wouldn 't be what i'm looking for in the store .  ok .  so for me , since food like poultry kind of thing that i'm doing ...  its not that much of a cost actually , decorate the store and all thatso the lower the better .  but if you could give me the god for sept 1st , i could give you 30 thousand i suppose .  that works for me .  yea ?  sure .  that'll be fine .  ok .  grand opening will be sept 1st .  that 's great man , that sounds neat .  that was a major one .  renovations there ...  ok , you put hours of operations as important ?  yea so the thing 's that we have a lot of breakfast stuff to sell like coffee and then like pastries and like all those things .  i mean , for those thing you actually can 't sell them raw of course and have to be made in the morning .  you have to get theexactly , the business man and all of those people .  so for that reason it would be ideal for us to start the store at 6:30 .  might end up being a little too early for you butthe issue , issue there is that , you know , we're selling wine and liquor and our major clientele would want it open later .  is that true though ?  yea yeai mean people people usually aren 't drinking wine at 6 o'clock in the morning .  oooh right!you know .  so they're going to want to be purchasing something for the evening and , most would want to , get it after work and then late into the night .  yea i see , that 's interesting actually .  cause i used to have a little different idea .  to offer them it might actually be kind of a nice thing if you could actually go to a wine store and buy a little bit of wine and then like afterwards you could go straight to a party .  and bring the wine too .  you don 't wan to waste time buying wine you know , after work .  you might , don 't want to be late for the party .  true , but , i , i know what you mean by that .  but sometimes , you know , early in the morning and you really don 't have time to take the time buying wine.your trying to get ready for work , trying to make sure your going to get to work on time grocery , oh i seeyou wouldn 't really want to be thinking about oh what do i want to bring to this party in the evening and you rather just rather stop on the way .  right .  well sine we're doing this together ...  i don 't know .  i was thinking it may be a nice thing if they can drop by our store , have a little breakfast and then during that time they can think about , well maybe i have some time now so why not get some wine for the party after work .  i mean , i think that 's kind of a novel idea that other wine stores would have never explored .  it 's a very new thing that we can do together because of the nature of our business .  i don 't know if you think that. .  are you willing to compromise at all on this issueor is it pretty much 6:30 to 6:30 is all it has to be  , grocery , yea. .  what , what do you think on ...  say temperatureyea so for ours , temperature is not that importantbecause of ...  i mean , i not like our products get bad if the temperature is high .  so i could go , i would say the higher the better .  but i can imagine that actually the temperature is pretty important for your business .  yea , we actually , we have some wine we need to store at a lower temperature .  so it would be best at like 65 degrees would be the ideal. .  rightideal temperature for the wine .  ok yea , so if you could actually give me the hours  of operations , 6:30 to 6:30 then i 'd be happy to go down to 65 degrees for temperature .  could you do 7:30 to 7:30 ?  7:30 , i'm think maybe might be 7:30. .  maybe 7:30 to 7:30 and then 67 degrees .  would that work for you or ?  could you compromise on that ?  67 degrees , would 69 be too high for your wine preservation ?  a little highok..yea , because itsdo you want move on to floor space maybe we can yea yea that 's a good idea .  we'll get the last one and then see what we can do. .  i would imagine that you guys might need a little more space than we do .  i don 't know i'm just guessing .  we actually , you know , feel kind of bad we don 't really need a whole lot of space .  ohare you looking for a lot of space ?  i was thinking like 60% would be like ideal .  so you want 60% of the floor space ?  yea if we could get it , that 'd be great .  ok , we'll give you 60% for the floor space .  then , then i get 40% .  oh that 's right .  yea exactly .  so you get , you get 60 and i get 40 ?  yea yea yea .  is that , is that really good enough for you ?  that 's , that 's great for me .  ok yea i guess yea , i didn 't really think about the fact that you can start ...  be comfortable with. .  yea so you don 't , you need , you want more of the floor space ?  no 60% is perfect for me .  yea i mean. .  you need more , you need more space than us cause you probably have lot of bread andyea and having too much space is not really goodyea60% is perfect .  we still have hours of operations and temperature .  right .  so ...  for the temperature , yea 65 degrees would be fine .  65 ?  yea , that that was the best for you right ?  is there a reason it shouldn 't be that cold ?  would some of your food be going bad ?  i'm trying to yea , its possible .  73 degrees , that 's supposed to be good enoughand that 's definitely less costly .  i guess , the cost for the air conditioner everything 's coming into play .  right but like i said , i 'd be happy to go down to 65 yea i mean you know , trying to be nice here .  and you gave the renovation costs , you were very nice about and that was high .  i'm willing to sacrifice somewhat on the air conditioning i mean , there 's probably another way .  right. .  we could probably do 67 degrees .  is that ok with you ?  i mean like i said the higher the better for me   but for me the hours of operations .  you , you really need that 6:30 to 6:30 to get the people in there.. ?  yea , to be competitive to other stores and all that its kind of important to let me. .  you think , you think if we open at 6:30 , that benefits the wine sales ?  yea i think , i actually think that too .  and if we start at 7:30 that would probably not give them enough time to actually shop for wine .  which would actually sacrifice my brand new idea .  they can either eat a little breakfast then shop for wine .  you'll have to kind of almost market .  say you know before people leave you'll have to make a pitch , you know , say do you need any wine for later ?  ...  yealike that .  try and get them tothat 's true .  i mean you'll have to kind of work with me and almost direct them over to my sideoh yeaand say do you need something for the evening ?  yea yea , that 's a good idea .  and that 's totally a new market .  are you focusing on brunches more than dinner food ?  yea a lot of our products are like breakfasts kind of stuff and we've got the only kind of sandwiches .  since the majority of the stuff is breakfast , that 's like the , the source of our profits , it 's kinda important to buy as early as possible .  ok .  but do you think that the closing at 6:30 would actually harm your business ?  it , it , it would a little bit , i mean would you think that the people after work would want to drop by yea i'm thinking but you know , 6:30 people would ...  yea in the office , trying to get people in there you know might want to be back home by 7 pm anywaysure sure .  for dinnerfor dinner .  ok so your saying you could give me the 65 degree temperature ?  right .  yea if i can get the if you can get the hours of operations ?  yeathat 's fine with meso 6:30 to 6:30 and then i get 65 degrees ?  that sounds wonderful .  ok i think we did pretty well here .  oh so we're done .  yeayeapretty good .  are you happy with everything ?  oh yea .  this is higher than i expected .  yea that was definitely , definitely definitely went well oh great , thankskind of productive .  guess we work together well .  its good when  you can kinda , you know , take multiple things into consideration .  right yea , yea .  that 's what i thought .  ok so we done , we leave ?  ok my names edgood .  nice to meet younice to meet you .  so what 's your name ?  my names baining .  okso you are i imagine the owner of the wine store that 's going in next door .  ok .  so you wanna dive right into it ?  sure .  ok , so what 's your first choice for hours of operation ?  well since we're combining two different grocery store and a wine shopand the area of operations is dupont circle where a lot of walk ins and tourists and people walk around and a safe place for the working in late night so .  since this would be a quality store and our store can open till late ...  like till between 11 and 11:30 , so that we'll have more traffic and have more people coming in to the store late night .  ok i definitely hear what your saybut we get a lot , a lot , a lot of breakfast , breakfast business .  we sell you know pancakes , breakfast stuff like that .  we actually have a little deli if i remember correctly , little deli and sell a lot of breakfast stuff .  so we have to be open for the breakfast crowd .  have to be open for the breakfast crowd .  wine , so what time do you think would be preferable ?  grocery , well the best time for me would be 6:30 am to 6:30 pmbut i understand that 's a little bit late for you .  lets look at it this way .  you're a high class wine store right ?  your going to be selling to people. .  the whole concept behind this would be , you know , people come in to buy stuff for making dinner  buy a couple of nice bottles of wine , go home , make dinner .  reality. .  i would imagine the traffic that your going to get in the night is not the traffic you want .  we're an upscale store right ?  so what if i understand that i can 't get my first choice and you can 't get your first choice cause that 's a deal barrier for me .  so what if we get agreed on like 7:30 am to 7:30 pm .  well still the 7:30 we will be closing the wine shop too early for me .  7:30s too early for you ?  yes and the most , the traffic that i get from the , from my experience is between like , after dinner and between late night .  so where i get the most of profits out of it .  and the bottle , the margins i have for the each model cause i sell like high end products , like high quality wine .  that will bring more profits .  so i think to run the store together and bringing the wine customers and at the same time purchasing like high product organic groceries from your store then it would cause more profits than we expect so. .  well lets look , let 's look at what would bring a person , people into the store .  well what 's going to bring the individual into , into the store ?  they're going to come to our store probably because they want food and wine right ?  they want the raw materials to make dinner and they also want some wine to go along with dinner .  that means that we're not really going to have that much of traffic after dinner hours .  in fact the majority of the traffic is going to be before the dinner hours right ?  well but the based on my thewell you , your experience that , i don 't know if you have any other stores attached to groceries stores right ?  kinda demographics we're shooting at right now .  you know ?  all my other groceries don 't have wine stores attached to them .  so i'm kind of , i'm anticipating they're going to be a whole bunch of new differences that we come across .  come across .  wine , and how about 10:30 and 10:30 ?  well see that kinda that kills our entire breakfast ...  that 's where i get most of my profits .  hmmwhy don 't we come back to that one ?  ok .  next one was the , renovation costs .  alrightin the dupont circle actually there 's one lane , the store that has all wine and grocery stores on it .  and since we're already jumping in to where the competition is and we want to differentiate ourselves and differentiate position differently and unique for the what , this retail store can bring to the people and market in dupont circle .  so , i guess , i believe renovating and design interior dcor would cost us at least 40 thousand dollars .  to get all the interior done and , we have to fix the aisle where the people are moving .  we have to get all the lights and the  since we're combining two different stores we have to come up with the same brand identity to provide people with identicalyou want to , you want to provide them kinda like with a theme .  well of courseand with , with a really neat interior .  a really well designed place .  not just just ...  just throwing money off to just expensive interior but we have to have the concept and that , coming coming with the concept itself costs money too .  how about the its doesn 't have the options here so like how about spending like 40 thousand in the renovation and then we split up the , the first , the profits until we get into break even points .  kinda off the side , off the topic for a second .  they've. .  i've got a chart here that says the options that i can suggest to you .  and it says that we can 't like , it says that i don 't think that we're allowed to ...  it says here please note that you must choose among your optionsso i don 't know if we're allowed to be in reality we 'd be creative right ?  but i don 't think we're going to be creative .  i don 't think they want us to be creative here .  please yea please limit yourself to these options for the purpose of this negotiation .  you don 't have the same choices ?  wine , yes i dooh you do ?  ok .  so then would , so 40 thousand is way off your budget ?  yea that 's yea that 's , that 's twice my maximum budget .  so why don 't we come in to the middle and settle on 30 thousand ?  20 thousand is my absolute ceilinga thousand more and uh so we. .  20k is the absolute ceiling .  that 's the best i can do .  i mean not like not non negotiating .i can 't do it more than that .  how about like , you spend 30 thousand and  i'll get you 10 thousand back from the first profit that we makeso in essence i 'd be spending 20k ?  but for the initial , interior design we need to spend the money on the 30 thousand for now so eventually we'll get thei'll tell you what , i'll tell you what extra budget reimbursed .  tell you what; i'll give you 30 thousand if our store hours can be 7:30 to 7:30 .  uh 7:30 to 7:30 is too tight for me .  and this will hurt my entire business and ...   i know , i can understand the the nature of what the grocery store is in and you are the products and the ...  what you its our breakfast that i'm concerned about .  breakfast .  but i'm thinking of like not just sort of breakfast but having a brunch menu and we can tap into a new market and bring more customers in the early hours .  we can start from like 10:30 for example .  then we can throw more breakfast or the brunch people .  and then we can have the store open late night to get the more traffic going on and more profit going on in the store. .  so your suggesting 10:30 to 10:30 ?  uh huhwell see i would kinda disagree with thatbecause if..10..if our wine sales are selling at 10:30 ...  i mean even out in like dupont , 10:30 is kinda like a void .  that 's between the time when people are finishing up the diner and going out .  there 's not a lot of sales going on there .  then after 8 o clock , but i  i would , i would agree in concept to staying open till like 2 in the morning .  if we're gonna stay open lateno nostay open really lateno no we're not like a regular liquor store so we're .  exactly , exactly .  so we shouldn 't try we should try to do one thing well as opposed to splitting the difference .  and staying open till 10:30 is splitting the difference .  but if we ...  but if we open for breakfast , we can get , we can get the breakfast crowd .  which is very very lucrative .  well here 's ...  if you could spend more budget on the renovation costs , which is the 30k , then i will have the store open ...  like 8:30 .  that 's the best i can do .  my highest option is 30 thousand .  30 thousand ?  yea .  it 's the highest choice i have .  yea so i just asked you for 30 thousand .  so 30 thousand and we'll go ?  8:30ok we can do that .  let me just settle with you .  phew alright on to floor space .  since all i need for the wine ...  isi don 't need much space .  okbut at least i need to have the half space of the whole entire. .  you need half the store ?  so that'll be  i go for me i want for me to have at least half of the square feet of the store that we'll have .  so that equals like 10% of storage for my wine .  cause i can 't display all the wine cellar and the ...  oh you don 't want to display it all at the same time .  so you want essentially half the store .  right .  so what do you think about that ?  i need a little bit more space .  i need 60% of the store .  i'm already cramming in everything i have .  so could we , could we agree to 60% of the store for me ?  i need a little bit more space .  and that 's me negotiating down too .  cause my optimal is 70% of the store .  so we're kind of splitting the difference there .  ok so you want 60% of ?  60% of the store .  ok i'll let that one. .  ok temp and the grand opening date .  should we go with the temp first ?  alright so well i imagine you probably want it colder for some reason ?  you know i can tell because iyou know wine exactly you know well yea i do drink wine ...  you know the lower you can get is  obviously. .  it will be more fresh .  oh it  it stops the wine from dying ?  and i believe for the grocery store ...  so you want the freshness ...  so you don 't want the see the problem i have is the opposite .  the colder temperatures tend to degrade most of the stuff i have .  in fact most of the dry goods i sell do better in warmer climates .  what if we split the difference at 71degrees ?  that 's the middle of the chart for me .  that 's way too high .  that 's like steaming .  well i thought abut 59 to get the store running .  yea that would that , would freeze my stuff .  i 'd be selling ice .  then how about coming like 63or 65 ?  that 's like the maximum i can get with the wine .  that 's still actually the lowest , the lowest of the low on my chart .  how about actually 69 degrees ?  69 67 ?  how about 69 ?  67 ?  69 ?  ok 5 minutes ok you wanna go on to the grand opening so we can negotiate the last ?   ?  oksince we're putting so much money in order to get to the break even point as soon as it can ...  it 's the early we can open the store ...  and the early we can start promoting the things going on .  so at least , in up coming april we need to get the storein april ?  that 's an impossibility for me .  i cannot even get them here , until , until august .  i wanted september .  september have been my best choice .  would you agree on i'll talk until the whole summer until you can start until you can start your regular business going on ?  see i don 't know if we can do that in the with in the bounds of lets negotiate .  lets negotiate .  i'll tell you what .  i'll give you 65 degree in temperature if you give me aug 1st .  august 1st ?  !yea , cause i simply can 't get my stuff here .  it takes me 45 months  if i place my orders today it takes me ...  from asia and europe .  wine , asia , well as you mentioned the marz season is in july and aug and you won 't get lots of crops after that point nice tryso how 's this we agree on the 65 and. .  65 with aug 1st .  how about 69 and july 1st ?  65 and aug 1st ?  how about july 1st ?  how about july 1st and 69 degrees ?  no i can 't do that. .  how about july 1st and 67 degrees ?  can you go over to 65cause ...  uh wine the temperature is is one the crucial thing ...  that you should maintainwell ok ...  if its crucial  as you just said if its absolutely cruciali'll give you 65 degrees if you give me aug 1st .  cause aug 1st isn 't as crucial as your wine long term of your wine is right ?  well the more that the  in order to get the store open , i can 't open the store with half under construction or half not open .  that 's necessary to our having our , two , having a successful business together .  so instead see like i'm trying to give you a choice i'm trying to , i'm trying to help you out by giving you a choice we should come with different ...  like options so we can be more creative orso we can be more diplomatic right ?  i agree .  but i don 't think we can mess with you knowhow about ...  can you agree on. .  how about july 1st , 67 degrees ?  i'll go with the 65 and aug 1st .  65 and aug 1st ?  ok .  so we're done .  we're done ?  alright!we're done!hey , good job negotiating .  you're a good negotiator .  heyhi , well we have five issues areas .  hours of operation , renovation , floor space , temperature and grand opening date .  grocery , so why don 't we tell each other our initial offer and see what 's the difference and negotiate from that .  ok , well i'm selling wine and liquor;its better for me to stay open later .  so more business can come to the store .  so i would push probably for later hours of operation .  starting at 10:30 am to 10:30 pm .  before 10:30 am i'm not certain there will be much business .  i mean with our , our opening as well .  given , given that a lot of people want groceries and wine that we'll be selling .  how do you feel on the renovation costs ?  i want to go for 15 thousand .  ok , what 's your rational behind it ?  can you make. .  i just want it as low as possible .  so i to pay 15 thousand .  it 's my offer .  how about you ?  what is your offer ?  on renovations ?  well , if we want to make this a quality store , and really be able to have the perception that we're selling gourmet groceries and wine and liquor .  i think investing in renovation is best .  so i 'd picture higher than 15 thousand .  because i think it will pay off when we do the grand opening and its very snazzy looking , nice looking store front .  what were your , i'm sorry , didn 't ask what your hours of operations preferences were .  my preference is , i would , the only , my first offer is 7:30am .  but then , i want it to be as early as possible .  wine , ok , do you think we'll do business at 7:30 am ?  yea , we're selling coffees and breads .  and then we have some early customers and ok , how about closing by 7:30 .  do you think that 's cutting of some of our customers ?  oh rather than talking about one topic i want to go over the floor space to what we have together  through out the whole space      sure floor space , what was your ?  i , i will offer 70% for me .  how much do you want to get ?  i might be able to do that but i really would like 40% for myself which would give you 60% .  what do you mean 60% ?  it would be 60 for you and 30 for me .  ok right you offeruh , i'm sorry it would be 60 for you and 40 for me .  ok that 's rightso maybe we're probably closer on that one there .  temperature because of the need for wine and the liquor to be kept cooler for the lower the temp the better of course .  so 65 degrees .  i'm going to start off with 65 degrees .  the higher it goes the less quality and my profits will be .  and i'm wondering what you would have that might require higher temperatures .  most grocery stores , you know , are cooler so maybe we can learn from that .  well actually my grocery store should be higher degree than 65 so i'm leaning as the temperature 71 degrees .  and my opening date , i think , august 1st is about reasonable for me .  why would you say that ?  huh ?  what , what 's your business plan on opening on aug 1st ?  i need more time for  train the employeesand preparing the food you know .  the food , food , the food we need is about preparations and getting the foods from all over the places .  and only later , i 'd like to have opening hours first .  righthow about you ?  well i 'd be worrying that we'll miss most of the summer business that way .  particularly in dupont circle area where there 's a good deal of food traffic and metro traffic .  tourist in dc coming to that would want to , kind of ..we'll be selling food and liquor and wine .  if we think about our customers needs at that during the summer , to me it makes more sense to go earlier of course .  if we invest more money in the renovation then the renovation should be completed earlier .  which would allow you more time in training the employees and getting the food stuff shipped in because you won 't have to delay that until the renovation is complete .  so what date do you want opening date ?  at the latest , it would , it would be june 1st .  okyea , if we can negotiate on the other areas where your comfortable opening may 1st then i would be much happier .  so how much is the renovation costs to you ?  you cannot , you cannot .  30 thousand ?  i can do 30 thousand .  and your offering ?  but your only doing 15 lets see we're closest is the floor space .  are you happy with 70% ?  for floor pace ?  floor space , yea , i'm happy with that .  cause i can do with lets see .  how much did you want in floor space ?  you wanted 60 right ?  or you wanted 70 ?  grocery , 70and how much did you just say would you take 60 ?  60 ?  for floor space ?  for floor space .  okthat'll be 60 40oh ok .  40 for you and 60 for me ?  yeayea ok .  alright .  yea .  can you , can you accept that offer ?  okfine you know  its ok heregood ok .  i knew we were closer on that one than on the others .  so that 's good on thatso , sothe others i think we're too tooso your prefer , you prefer 40% for you ?  40% for me40% for you than the 30% ?  then can you just give me probably more on the grand opening date cause you wanted june 1st .  then , because , you know , i have lost 10% floor space .  i wanted the floor space 70% but since this is fine then can you just give me the one month later than june 1st ?  is you need more ...  lets see  if you need more floor space , would you open earlier ?  would you open , if , if you've got you're preferred floor space is 70% correct ?  yea that 's my first offer ...  is 70% ?  ok .  would you go may 1st if you got as much floor space as you needed ?  nocouldn 't do that ?  couldn 't do may 1st ?  ok and june 1st is unacceptable to you ?  june 1st ?  no its below my priority line .  well i think lets see what else we can negotiate on .  i think we'll keep june 1st if you cannot have 7:30 am opening and the 70 degrees 71 degree temperature .  those are real tough for medoesn 't work for you ?  no i can do july 1st if we do the 9:30 opening .  9:30 ?  yes .  and i really don 't want to go 69 degrees .  i'm going to spoil my products .  so 69 degree 's your bottom line for temperature ?  yea , if we do 9:30 , 69 degrees oh 69 degrees ...  .i can july 1stjuly 1st ?  wait say that again .  69 degrees69 degrees july1stjuly 1stand 9:30 .  9:30and then i'll come down to 20 thousand on the renovation costs .  july 1st , 69 degrees , 9:30 and 15 thousand wait no how much did you say , renovation costs ?  20 thousand .  20 thousand .  and that'll give you , and then that 's lets see .  and i'll give you the floor space .  so it'll be 70% floor space for you .  actually i would , i'm happy with 60% floor space .  so i think we could wait on it .  or change that well i could negotiate on that if ...  i can get some of the others .  cause i know you said you needed more space for your products .  that would be 70% floor space for you and it would be only one , one level up on the renovation costs than what you needed .  what if then , you give me the floor space would you get because at 9:30 am then that would be. .  can you give me august 1st , grand opening date ?  rather than the floor space ?  yeaok so let me just see , that would be the 9:30 am opening , 20 thousand renovation costs , it would be 60% floor space for you , august 1st opening date .  and 69 degree temperature .  i could go to 69 and if we do august 1stok so we do 9:30am and 20 thousand , 60% floor space , 69 degrees and august 1st .  is it right ?  let me see here .  see if we can lower one of thei can do aug 1st if we do this: we can do 9:30 opening , you have 60% floor space , 69 degrees but we put more money into the renovation costs .  give at least 25 .  ok so you need more renovation costsyea if we're we're going to delay opening i want to do a really fancy job , make it look incredible so people still come by .  so we do 9:30 in opening , 25 thousand in renovation costs , give you 60% floor spacethen we have this .  so 9:30 , 60% , 69 degrees , aug 1st , but you want to have 25 thousand ?  yeaif i accept to 25 thousand , then can you give me the 2 more degrees of temperature ?  cause you can own you own air conditioner to have the temperature a little bit lower i don 't know if that 's an option on this negotiation .  yea yea i saw that .  i saw them explain about you have to run your own air conditioner .  if the the the floor space temperature would be lower  it says to me , a little bit about air conditioning .  no cause we have to agree upon a common temperature .  i wouldn 't this negotiation does not allow me to do that .  yea mine says the two of you have to agree on a common temperature .  ok so you you don 't have  you cannotyea not according to mineso you absolutely cannot go let me see here .  i can give you 71 degrees , can you open a month earlier ?  nono i don 't want to do thatbecause , one , one we're already in the summer time so i don 't want the temperature higher .  ok how about hours of operation ?  i can give you 25 thousand but can you open one hour earlier , 8:30 ?  lets do. .  do it ?  let me think here .  yea i 'd rather give on the temperature than on the opening hoursok then lets. .  so 9:30 , 25 thousand25 thousand , 60% , 71 degrees , and aug 1st , right ?  there 's no way you can give on the , on the opening date any ?  no at this point no .  if i give then i need more points in two other places .  i don 't think it 's gonna work for you .  so , 9:30 , 25 thousand , 60% , 71 degrees , august 1st .  what do you think ?  we are on time .  yeaok ?  alrightthank you .  it was funyeaare we on time ?  hi my name is paul .  hi i'm andrew .  how are you ?  i'm good how are you ?  good .  and you're going to be running the grocery store ?  yeah , the grocery store .  you're wine ?  mmhmm .  ok i think this situation will be a little bit hard like because okay .  where are you from ?  i am from korea .  where , you're from here ?  yeah .  how do you start ?  well , i think we have the same 5 issues in mind so how do you , how do you feel .  which issue is the most salient issue for you ?  i think , of course i think this is , i mean a very difficult situation because like we have like hours of operation .  maybe you're a wine shop maybe right so like you want to you want to open the store to late night because people go to your store at night usually , not in the morning right .  but i have to sell the breakfast and coffee for the people who come visit the company .  so for me the earlier , the earlier the better .  so our renovation cost is around , usually wine store you need to look fancy , luxury .  the grocery store i think i don 't have to spend too much money for renovation cost and floor space tooand temperature maybe we have different idea about that and opening date .  i just want to go over each by each and i want to listen to your suggestion and i'll give my suggestion .  okay , alright , we can do that .  so what do you think about hours of operation ?  well you're right i would like to open a little bit later .  a wine shop won 't do very well if it opens at 6:30 in the morning and closes at 6:30 at night .  but so preferably the later the better for mebut i understand that you need to be able to sell breakfast and a wine shop in d.c .  isn 't the same as some other stores that are just selling beer for late night drinkers .  so usually people are coming into my store are drinking the wine with a meal that they have already planned out so they aren 't doing the last minute late night run thing .  so can you open at 9:30 is that too late in the morning ?  9:30 is too latebecause people come into company early .  i think it 's 9 o'clock right ?  wine , but if you open at 8:30 so they could get to work at 9 ?  yeah i think so , may suggestion is yeah i totally understand your situation .  so i mean 6:30 is a little early for me too , i mean for the breakfast people .  anyway , i prefer 7:30but maybe at 7:30 your store i mean if you , if the shop open , close at 7:30 you might have some problems .  s0 i think my suggestion 8:30 because 8:30 people come into the , i mean usually people come into their company usually by 9 o'clock and after 8:30 you have some , i mean , you can serve some wine .  maybe you can  .by 9 o'clock .  i think it is going to be fine .  okay , alright , that works .  how about renovation cost ?  well i honestly think that any money we are going to sink into renovating is going to come back to us in the long run .  so i think renovation costs will pay for themselves eventually .  and i know that you were are feeling that a grocery store doesn 't need to look fancy but i don 't know that that is necessarily true .  i mean there are grocery stores that spend more money on how they look and on appearances and are able to charge more for it .  so maybe you could actually make back some of the money we sink into renovation costs by charging a little bit more .  you are already connected to a wine shop that 's kind of a higherend feel about the store anyway .  i personally agree with that that , agree that we need renovation but my focus on renovation is i mean , not the fancy .  i mean my concept of renovation is clean not fancy .  so i mean , if i make my grocery store fancy maybe people think it 's trick or and it 's very easy to get dirty .  i think , that 's why i think i need renovation but i don 't know , my store doesn 't need renovation that fancy and my focus is clean so well clean is something that we are going to have to maintain anyway right ?  i mean no matter how it starts off its going to get dirty so we'll have to keep it clean anyway , but fancy might might bring in people that will spend more money in your grocery store .  it might allow you to charge more money .  maybe you could if it looked fancy , they might expect some more unusual products that might allow you to sell some things that you don 't find in other grocery stores in dupont circle .  so how much money do you suggest ?  i would like to spend $25 , 000 .  25 , 000 , okay .  i mean ideally , i would love to spend 30 , but i know that you probably can 't spend that much .  okay , that 's good then .  does 25 work ?  okay .  how about floor space ?  well i feel like you are going to need more of the space than i will , right ?  i think so .  you have more products than i do .  yeah i have more products maybe .  i need i mean i need more employee and little more space , so but we still are going to be splitting the cost for utilities right down the middle .  i mean in that case i can pay more .  i mean that isn 't one of our issues but well how much space would you like ?  i think , as i told you i spend i need little bit more space , maybe 60 percent .  so you want to do it 60/40 ?  yeah , 60/40 for space .  is that a problem ?  yeah , yeah i think that 's ok .  that 's ok because i mean , you have a lot more products than i do .  that 's right , that 's right .  and that is close to what we're spending for the utilities so okay , i think 60/40 we can wok with that .  ok that 's fine .  what about temperature ?  what is your preference for temperature ?  i know a lot of grocery stores need to be kept cool .  yeah i have my temperature at uhh you have refrigerated products right ?  that 's true .  ahh you have a wine so you are serving only wine not beer .  right , in d.c .  you can only sell wine or beer .  so i am a wine shop .  oh really ?  so what is your suggestion ?  well even wine it doesn 't need to be refrigerated like beer does but it still keeps better in a cooler environment .  do your groceries need to be kept cool , or does it not matter for them as much ?  well because we are selling a vegetable , some kind of fruit so maybe ...  i think it needs to be a little bit cold .  i mean not cold i mean cool .  wine , 65 degrees is that too cold for you ?  65 is a little bit cold , i guess .  that 's too cold for you ?  yes 65 is a little bit cold .  what about 69 ?  it 's a big difference ?  that might be a little bit warm for my wines .  the thing is , because wine needs to be kept in a cool area to keep for a long time and if it 's too far , if it 's too warm it won 't keep as well .  some of my products shouldn 't be like over , over 80 degreesoh , really ?  yeah but i have to buy other acumens to this one and if temperature is too cold , i have to spend , i have to pay more energy cost , i mean energy price .  i understand your problem like your wine needs to be cold .  but i don 't think 69 and 65 is not that different .  okay .  and after that i mean we can say 69 works and after that if you have some problem we can change .  if you say 65 is fine , i mean  i don 't think 65 and 69 is that different .  okay , alright we can go with 69 then .  what about open date ?  you want to open as soon as possible right ?  luckily i have most of my products already so for me it 's just a matter of getting ready to sell itand if we can get the renovations done by may it would be nice .  i am sure that you are eager to get into business too , right ?  yeah , but i have some , i need some timebecause some of my product like some of my primary product i have to import from other countries , and usually i have to higher some people to work for me .  so i need some time .  i don 't want to open the store that late .  how about i think june how about july 1st , it 's really late ?  well just because summer is a big wine selling season .  people like being outside with their friends and they go to the beach and they sit on their roofs , especially dupont circle .  you know how everyone sits outside on the sidewalks .  so for me the earlier the better to sell my product .  is june too early for you , does that not allow you enough time ?  yeah i think i need to hurry for openingbut i think i can hire and train people for opening for a month in that casebut probably i have to get some special items from other country .  i mean it might take some time .  now are you able to sell other things in the meantime while you are waiting for some of those special items ?  yeah i mean if i order special items out of the country so it might..usually the process is a little bit .  no , i understand i have to import things too so i know how it is .  ok that 's good june 1st .  is june 1st ok ?  yeah it 's fine .  alright , so that seems that it works for both of us .  yeah .  hii'm megan .  nice to meet you .  nice to meet you too .  do you just want to go through each issue ?  i think we can start on our let 's prioritize one and we can probably come up with the others .  that sounds good .  is there a reason we have to wait so long for it ?  because there are just more employees involved with the grocery store .  and if i don 't have the employees ready and everything ready people come in they have a bad first impression of the store .  probably less people will come in the future .  i think the first impression is very important .  yeah i agree .  i just think that earlier the start , we can start making a profit too .  yeah , so what is your date ?  for me may would be the best .  the earlier the better .  grocery , but i see .  i think as long as the renovations are done you don 't think you can get employees before september ?  it will be hard .  i mean , cause with the later date you can also have more advertising done on the radioand its better because people will stop by and notice this new store more often .  so if you i can be more lenient on the other parts if you want to help me out on this one .  well do you want to discuss the other ones too and then you can kind of like decide .  yeahok well what about the temperature ?  i mean the cooler the betterbecause it preserves the wine better .  so 65 degrees would be ideal .  but i probably couldn 't go much more than 67/because the stuff would go bad .  i totally agree with you and how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  , see like it would be very hard for me to take a low degree .  how about if we go up a little bit for 69 ?  , so we can meet in the middle point if you agree .  umm .  69 just seems a lot warmer than 65 .  i think like that if wine is not as good a quality it is bad for both of our businesses you know ?  i mean oh definitelybut red wines you don 't need to keep them in the fridge .  and the liquors and vodka they're fine , they're totally fine .  you probably just need a very little fridge for beers and ice and your white wines you can keep them in the fridgethat will be more like inviting to the customers because they will be touching a cold white wine and for me it is a urge to drink it so i think just it is important to keep the product though .  i think it is easier for a person to bring a coat into a grocery store or like a jacket and keep a little bit warmer if they are shopping and they get cold .  and like if the products are good that 's what 's more important to the people who are shopping .  okay , i see .  i can do 67but i feel like 69 is going to be kind of a little too warm and risky to the product .  let 's talk about all of them i guess and then we'll decide .  how about floor space ?  floor space ?  i guess i 'd go for 50 .  i 'd ideally like a little bit less like 40% would be betterjust because wine doesn 't take as much food , as much space up as food .  i mean ideally you would want 50 percent .  40 percent for you .  and 60 for you .  because floor is very expensive considering like monthly payment and also during like snow days .  how much you pay for cleaning up the parking lot is also determined by your space .  so for me to take a lot of space it would be like a you know , continuous expenditure .  right definitely but you would also probably have a higher profit just because food typically brings in more than well i can always maximize my storage by more shelves and everything .  but i wouldn 't even have enough product to really take up 50 percent of the space .  yeah .  so it would be like i am paying for more space that i am not really using .  you could use the space and you would be making money off the space you are using whereas i really wouldn 't be making any more or less .  yeah i am just afraid that the extra space won 't cover my continuous cost monthly and for every winter and summer .  i feel like when i am grocery shopping though when things are laid out properly it is easier to like shop and get the things that you want than it is if stuff is piled all the way up and you can 't really reach it .  and it becomes hard for people like have little kids ore someone in a wheelchair .  and just for like a grocery store there is so much more product than there is for .  well if you can help me out in temperature or grand opening date i might be able to take up more floor space .  if i can if i can just lower my cost in temperature keeping the temperature i might be able to recover the local cost for paying the extra rent that i'll be paying for .  do you see what i'm saying ?  i do see what you're saying .  let 's discuss the rest of them briefly too and try to see where we are on them .  umm for renovationi was thinking the more money we put into it the more money we will probably get out of it .  so i was thinking the more money we put into it the more we'll probably get out of it .  so i would say 30 , 000 dollars to get our money 's worth for it .  okay .  i think you have to spend money to make money you know .  the nicer it looks people are going to feel like they are shopping in a better place and they are going to justify spending a good amount of money .  do you want to do it in the interior or exterior ?  i think both .  like what would be your emphasis on ?  yeah you probably want fancy furniture and stuff whereas for me it is just shelves and shelves and shelves and shelves and countersso wow .  $30 , 000 dollars , that 's a lot .  well what would you be looking to spend ?  much less .  i would be go for 10 , 000because for me shelves are not really costly .  and the outside is really nice too , so .  and hours of operation ?  i understand you probably want to open up as late as you can because people don 't wake up early in the morning too .  go alcohol shopping right .  but i would need to start baking my pastries and bakeries and get things ready for people .  so you would look at 6:30 ?  definitely .  but umm .  well , i guess which is the most important to you as far as getting it as close to your ideal as possible ?  grocery , i really really want to minimize my cost in floor spacedue to the environment like the climate control thing .  and i really really want to get ready for my grand opening , because i don 't want people to come in with things not done , because many of my product will take longer to ship for me .  so if you can help me in grand opening date i might sacrifice a little in others .  i can delay my hours of operation a little bit .  for hours of operation for grand openingdo you think you could do august 1stso that it 's only a month earlier than you would want to .  august 1st ?  for grand opening date ?  i might be able to .  yeah let 's take that down for now .  (include with above)what if i take up more floor space , can you cope with a temperature that 's higher than yours ?  if you take 50 percent you mean ?  i mean you want 40 percenti want 40 percent i mean yeah i'm sorry if you take 60so if i satisfy you on that aspectwhat would the temperature be ?  is there any chance that you can take 73 ?  the product would go bad , the product would go bad .  what if you do 71 ?  i think 69 is the lowest .  because you can add the fridge and the electricity cost .  half of it would be mine .  i would be covering your cost in electricity even if you are keeping a fridge and it would look good for your customer .  the cost will back to me .  i 'd really rather do 69because i think those 2 degrees could make a big difference but let 's hold off on that one .  for what about renovation costs ?  renovation cost ?  if i sacrifice my hours of operation , can you settle for a lower renovation cost ?  what would be your limit ?  i would like to spend as much as possiblejust so that it would be important to business .  so 30 , 000 is what i would be willing to spend for it .  but maybe if you would be willing to spend more on renovation i would be willing to take 50 percent of the floor spaceso you would save on your rent cost then too .  cause didn 't you say you wanted less , 50 percent of the floor space to be able to for the rent .  oh i thought we already settled that with the grand opening .  oh i see what you're sayingthat would be great .  but for hours of operation is really important to me too .  because if i don 't get the food ready people probably will not come since people like want to start shopping now .  i would be willing to compromise in hours of operation because i think would you settle for 8:30 ?  that sounds good to me .  so if we settle at 8:30 that 's right in the middle for both of us right ?  yeah .  cause you wanted to open at 6:30 so that 's fair .  if i open 2 hours late can you minimize your renovation cost ?  well i'm opening 2 hours i know your opening 2 hours later but i am opening 2 hours earlier than i want to , too .  so it is right in the middle for that so i think we are both kind of giving up the same thing .  but i think if we spend more on renovation that would help my business so i could probably afford more rent and take 50 percent of the floor space .  so you would want 50 percent of the floor space .  yes/but that renovation cost is very very high .  i probably can 't afford it right away because i am just a little grocery store .  what about 25 , 000 and then i would take 50 percent of the floor space .  which would end up saving you how about i cover all of your renovation .  i mean i agree with you on your renovation cost and you let me open early .  (include with above)cause that is important to me .  i am being very strict because i have to cook everything because otherwise i have nothing to sell .  so product is very important to me .  if i give you 30 , 000 for renovation , can you give me my hours of operation ?  could we open at 7:30 and we could do $25 , 000 in renovation costs .  i don 't know many people that go grocery shopping before 7:30 .  and that way when they first come in at 7:30 or 8 their bread could be fresh .  people go shopping at 7:30 probably but then i cannot start cooking at 7:30 .  at least we should agree on what we did before .  grand opening august 1st is ok for you ?  so i'll take the 60 floor but you're going to give me the temperature right ?  i really can 't do the 71 .  i think it is going to make my product go too bad .  if you can do 69 degrees then i'll take i already delayed my grand opening date so and i'm taking extra floor space and i can take 50 percent of the floor space if you can do 69 degreesbecause that is really important to me to get a good product .  then i have to start in septemberbecause if i am taking 69 degrees then that will like an ongoing cost for me .  you see i'm sacrificing a lot there .  you see i need september 1st otherwise it will be hard for me .  i just don 't see how temperature is going to effect your cost for  if we so if you give me september 1st , i can do 69 degrees for you and i can take 60% of the floor space , i can give you a renovation cost of 25 , 000 .  that 's like the next step to your bestand then i can do 8:30or 7:30 .  (include with above)okay , yeah let 's do that .  so we're going to do september 1st now , right ?  okay , i'll give you 79 degree .  69 , okay .  yeah and i'll take up the floor space .  okay .  so since you take the floor spacedo you want to open at 7:30 ?  thank you so much .  and then renovation at 30 , 000 .  i said 25 , 000 .  okay done!yay , i can go home now .  alright!so you've been here less than 4 years ?  i'm a junior yeah .  no i mean in this country .  oh yeah .  where you from ?  germany .  hi .  hi .  my name is cassie and i'm from the grocery store that will be combining with your winery .  yes i'm stacey and it appears that the winery is the ye ole wine shop .  grocery , alright and we all agree that we have a couple of points to discuss , right before we come to a conclusion ?  yes .  so what i want to focus on is well i guess we should all talk about its hours of operation and then renovation cost , i think is one of the main points and then floor space we all want it looking nice and everything and then temperature and grand opening date .  wine , the no reason not to start at the beginning with the hours of operation .  what are you thinking in terms of hours of operation ?  well considering that i have a coffee shop that will open early , so it 'd be best for me to open as early as i can .  but i also take into consideration that you opened a winery and most people don 't go in the morning .  yes .  and given the options that we have i would say we could come to a sort of at a middle point .  i think that is totally reasonable yes .  so i think 8:30 for me is too late .  so i was thinking 7:30 am to 7:30 pm .  considering that most people don 't go out anymore after 7:30 .  if they were going to plan to buy something they have bought it already .  yes and i can definitely see your point about your coffee shop opening early .  so umm i would probably be willing to do 7:30 as long as some of the other items work out well so sure we could just put it down on there first .  well , i think we should talk about temperature next .  because temperature is not really a main problem for usconsidering that most of the food in the grocery store will be fine like regular temperature .  i am sure wine is the same way .  yeah there isn 't a huge variations in temperatures .  so do you want to say like the normal temperature which is like what other stores usually have like 73 degrees around there .  73 is too warm , the wine does not do optimally above 70 degrees .  ideally it would be around 60 between 65 and 69 would be optimal .  obviously , nobody wants customers to be freezing .  right so so 69 might be a little cool but 69 would certainly be fine .  i think 69 is a little cold for some of my productslike i would say vegetables and fruits they might get frozen , maybe not frozen but damaged by the cold .  i would agree to 71 if that is ok with yousince 1 or 2 degrees wouldn 't make that much of a difference , right ?  yeah let me think let 's put a little dot by that for now .  alright so what do you want to talk about next ?  the floor space .  what do you think ?  ahh definitely no more than 50 percent .  do not need more than that other wise it is going to be a waste of space .  there is just not enough wine for to cover more than 50 percent .  anything less than that would certainly is certainly fine .  ok well since consider that you want the temper well we were talking about the temperature earlier right ?  yes .  so you said you want the 69 degrees would be more likely ?  um hum .  ok let 's see if i give you umm let me think .  ok if i take 60 percent of the space and i'll give you the 69 degrees would that work for you ?  ok so 60 percent of the space for you and 69 degrees ?  rightyes .  so i 'd get 40% of the floor space mathematically speaking and 69 degrees .  ok the next one will be the 2 most important one .  one is for cost and the other one is grand opening date .  wine , yesso umm i think we should talk about grand opening date first .  what do you think ?  as far as the wine is concerned the earlier the betterbecause there is no real preparation for that .  we basically just have to get the wine in and put them out .  but i understand that you have more variable products .  timing is a little bit more of an issue for you .  so my feeling is the earlier the better no earlier than may 1st but absolutely willing to go in the may june july area absolutely .  grocery , well i was thinking since i have to order stuff from oversea and that might take a little bit of time .  if we could do umm let 's say september that would be best for mebecause i really want a time to plan out things and get my employees so we can all start and they are all prepared and nothing goes wrong .  and that would be beneficial for both of us .  well unfortunately i can 't do september that is just too late .  i 'd prefer july i would be willing to consider august 1st obviously , but september is just too late .  ok well umm let 's talk about renovate 1st .  what is your maximum , what do you prefer to spend on your ?  umm 20 , 000 would be reasonable as far as i'm concerned .  no less than 10 , 000 .  grocery , right understand that .  it 's got to look good .  it is very important especially in the dupont circle area where everything is very nice .  you've got a lot of up scale competition .  so what are you thinking for renovation costs ?  i was actually thinking around 15 around there , but i guess we're pretty close , because i don 't think we'll need that much decoration .  i think what is more important is how our service is areand i believe that the day we open 1st would be the most important because the reason i chose september 1st is because that is the beginning of the whole school year and everything and i think people will be like buying more thingsbecause the weather is changing from like hot summer to like cold times .  i would think people would drink more wine like later after like july you know .  well that would give us more time so if we could spend more on the renovations i might be able to consider september 1st .  true .  because that would give them more time to install renovations because you don 't want to rush through things .  rightas far as renovations are concerned i would be willing to go up to 30 , 000 but i do not need to go that high .  umm 20 , 000 would be great .  and then we could push the opening to september 1st if that works for you .  grocery , ummm , let 's see .  yeah we could do that we could do 20 , 000 .  so then we would open our store at september 1st right ?  right .  so umm i think we should talk a little bit more about the temperature .  okbecause it really worries me that if it is too low it would be not that good for my products to stay fresh ok .  we had said 69 degrees right ?  righti could do 71 .  ok sure!not any higher than that but 71 should be okok well so far we have open from 7:307:30 ampm and then umm 20 , 000 renovation costs .  yesand umm 60 percent for me 40 percent for you in floor spacing .  um humand 71 degrees which i think is pretty average shouldn 't be any problem and then september 1st as our opening date .  so do you want to take a minute to think about it first before we decide ?  yeah let me just ok i have no complaints let things as they stand now .  how do you feel ?  yeah i think i am content with the agreement .  i don 't think anything is absolutely ideal but that means the compromises which is reasonable .  we are not doing anything extreme .  alright!okay , i think we're good then!hi .  hello again .  hello .  grocery , so i am really looking forward to doing these businesses together .  i am really excited about it .  uhhuh , me too .  and what 's your opinion about the whole thing , about the business ?  well i mean obviously like i said i am really excited but there are a come really important things i would like to work out with you .  ok me too .  so have a meeting .  yeah so just start ?  grocery , sure!well i guess the first thing that concerned me was the hours of operation .  how much of an issue is that to you ?  i think because we sell the wines and the liquorsthe later the better so .  yeah i figured you would probably say that .  of course , i am a bakery so i sell coffees things in the morningi tend to serve morning customers .  also at late times people study for some stuff .  that 's true , that 's true i do have some evening studiers which is very helpful .  so i don 't know , so give me a number , what sort of hours are you looking for ?  i prefer some later time like till 10:30 am .  so  that 's a little bit late for me .  what 's your number ?  well i do want to try get things open a little bit later for youso maybe i could .  i could go to 7:30 .  7:30 ?  yeahoh i think at that time people still i mean not enough people will come to get wine .  people still enjoy the parties at late time .  and also i think you don 't just do bakery right .  you do other stuff ?  yeah cappuccino 's and it 's kind of like a coffee shop with some groceries that you can buy as well .  yeah so it 's a grocery shop then people will need something late or so i think maybe you can just open a little bit later .  well how about is 8:30 ok ?  i mean boy i am really stretching it here .  noi mean 8:30 people will still i mean just after their dinner they haven 't started their party or drinking .  you think so ?  yeah i think because people like to do some happy things at night .  ok well maybe we should come back to this .  there are some other things that i don 't know are really important to me and this isn 't quite as important .  actually the biggest issue for me its very important is opening date .  i need to do it later it is really critical .  ok this is biggest issue for youi think the biggest issue for me is renovation cost .  i just think that if we want to do this at a very later timeif we want to be famous or be really welli think we should put a lot of money on the renovation .  why ?  geez , i thought the shop was really nice .  i mean you know it needs a little bit of work but i thought it was great .  wine , i think it just didn 't give everything on the decoration there .  because it is kind of a whole change because it is from some other things to this grocery and wine .  we should do some renovation let people know everything is here it is an easy shop you can stop by .  and i think in the long run the money will be paid back .  so i think if we pay more we will get more .  grocery , so how much are we talking ?  i want to spend 30 , 000 .  well you know that is more than i planned onbut i agree a really nice renovation could be fun .  but yeah i mean i think how about 25 , 000 ?  i mean is that 25 , 000 ?  that would help save me just a bit more .  well if you can give me 30 , 000 then i can put the time to 8:30 i think .  to 8:30 you think so ?  okay .  yeah let 's do that so let 's agree , 8:30 ampm and 30 , 000 renovations .  yes .  okay .  and then the other things will be no problem .  but anyway the grand opening date is really important to meand i would really really like to push it back to september 1st .  i've got some products i 'd love to orderand i need to train some new employees .  so you don 't have any storage there right now ?  well i mean there are things that i have to order from foreign countries and they take a long time to get here .  and then if we have a grand opening and i have employees who don 't know what they are doing that looks pretty bad .  yeah that 's true .  i can consider but september is still too late .  can we do like jul 1st or ?  well why is it late for you ?  because i have everything in my storageand i have all the employees .  i don 't want to train them .  why do you want to train all of the employees ?  do you have them right now ?  i need some new ones .  i am not staffed enough right now .  so you have some ?  yes i do .  so i just think that september is not a good time for me .  it 's too late .  it 's too late .  it 's going to be a real financial burden ?  uh huh .  i mean it 's really .  i'm going to sustain .  i'm not going to have the products in the store to by then .  but you have something and you can just open that and then do everything at the same time .  and this will also save you money because you can make money and then you get al the stuff .  i guess actually that brings us to the issue of floor space .  which is your bringing stuff in from your warehouse .  i have stuff as well .  how much floor space do you need ?  i have , i mean frankly i have already calculated everything and i only need 40 percentbecause i only sell wine and the liquors and i don 't need too much space .  then like grocer i think .  well great i need 60 percent so there you go .  perfect!so then can we decide what temperature do we want at the grocery ?  well that actually i know is a problem because in breads they do well at a higher temperature .  ok well how much ?  well you know 71 72 degreesbut i know wines need to be stored chilled so .  and it is also you know a little more expensive to have that extra a/c on in the summerbut i know it is a problem with wines .  yeah but also i mean you have some bakeries after they have baked they should be put in the cold temperatures i think .  no actually apparently they do a lot better in warmer temperatures .  we've seen in the shop that they go bad more slowly if they're at higher temperature .  can we just make it like the middle temperature ?  yeah i mean i do know that you need things a little bit coolerso i would be willing to go down to 69 if that is ok with you ?  yeah that 's ok with me .  ok that will be good .  so 69 degrees .  ok so the last thing to go back over opening date .  i mean i think this is going to be great .  yeah i think this going to be a good relationship so i am very encouraged .  but i do have to say the grand opening date is really really important .  i mean i am not going to have the employees .  we're going to be opening and .  if we lose one employee i am going to be in serious trouble .  yeah i can understand thatbut if you put that late like september i will just have no job to do for several monthsand all the employees will have no payment .  so that 's a serious problem also .  yes i understand .  well i don 't know if this is ok according to the rules .  it is hard to do cross training but if i were to lose an employee , would it be possible for say you to request that your employees pick up some slack and like they do the cleaning the after hours cleaning and then of course i'll get an employee as quickly as possibleand then maybe i can push it up to august 1st .  august ?  august .  i mean i can have some extra .  i don 't know .  just after their work hours i can pay them more to help you .  but i just want to get in early opening datebecause then the employees will be happy; they will get extra payment .  that 's true .  and my employees are very i think very well trained .  so you think august isn 't early enough ?  is it early enough ?  can we just do july ?  ughjust depends on how much trouble .  well if you think about it we are paying more cost on rent than i had considered .  and i am wondering since we spending more on renovation maybe we should give the extra time to spend the money .  if you understand what i mean ?  yeah i understand .  and since i mean the renovation we can spend the money i am willing to spend itbut i am afraid we are going to get a sloppy job if we move up the opening date so early .  so is your store not going to be in operation at all ?  almost i think because i almost have everything .  because the earlier the best i think may the 1st is actually the time i preferso i can just do like maybut if you want september i think some time in the middle of them should be best for us that 's july .  i just don 't want to get too late .  that 's one month for everything .  well i mean is your business in operation right now ?  yesso i mean is it really a big deal if you know you're running right now .  so actually , i'm not sure why you want this date so far forward .  that 's some issue of me .  i just want the earlier the just some issue i want to be as early as possible .  yeah because it already gives me plenty of time for renovation .  i think the time is enough too .  ok well .  i think it will everything will be smooth for you to find the employees , it 's not that hard .  well its employees and it 's also of course these international products that i'm ordering they take a very long time to get here .  but i have to admit that 's not quite as important to me because as long as i have some on the shelves , then it will look good .  but i am worried about the employees .  i mean the employees is the biggest issue for you i mean i can help .  i just don 't want to put it so late .  september is too late for me .  and august is too late as well ?  yeah .  alright well ok let 's go to july 1stbut i have to admit i am going to be leaning on you for employees during that time .  ok that 's no problem and i think my employees will be happy to get the extra payment .  yeah i am surealright then everything is settled then ?  yes i think so .  this is great i am really looking forward to our business together .  yeah me too .  thank you .  thank you .  hi i'm erin .  hi i'm joyin .  okay , let 's first talk about the operating hours .  okay .  what do you think ?  well for me because it is a coffee businessi was hoping to open it earlierbecause people normally get their coffee early in the morning .  so for me i would prefer , i mean i am willing to 7:30 but generally i would prefer 6:30 .  what were you 6:30 would be too early for mebecause mine is like wine house .  so i would prefer to start a little bit later in the morning but operate a little bit later at night .  so 7:30 ?  7:30 ?  it 's too early .  it 's too early ?  yeah how about 9:30 ?  but that 's so latebecause i have a coffee business .  but you know if we open at 7:30 we will close at 7:30 at night .  so that 's too early for mebecause people usually go to bars and have drinks at night .  maybe we could do in between 7:30 and 9:30 and open at 8:30 .  8:30 ?  8:30 at night is too early .  it 's too early ?  is that strange ?  man 9:30 is too late .  yes but 9:30 is okay for me .  yeah but if you think about it everyone gets their morning coffee before they go to work you know so if the business isn 't open you're coffee shop doesn 't only sell coffee .  it is a big part of my business i think .  i mean people may come to my shop and then go to your shop and get other things other than coffee .  8:30 is too earlybecause people usually finish their dinner at 8:30 at night .  because 9:30actually originally i prefer 10:30 .  10:30 oh wow .  yes so i backed down .  oh man , well how about we skip this one and we'll come back .  oki sell not only coffee but specialty pastries and a lot of breakfast items .  i would really like to have the store open early .  mine is the opposite .  i know i figured it would be that way .  so so let 's move on to renovation cost .  yeah alright .  how much would you like to spend ?  30 , 00030 , 000 ?  umm that is a lot .  because appearance is very important to our customers .  well i personally think that the appearance is not that bad .  i think it is a nice area and i don 't think it really needs that much renovation .  i think having employees that are well trained and well balanced would be a better part of the company to spend my money onso i would much rather spend not 30 , 000 .  i mean maybe 15 , 000 or 20 , 000 even i would be willing to spend 20 , 000 .  i mean i personally would only like to spend 10 , 000 .  wine , ok but you know people usually prefer a comfortable and fun place to have drinks .  no matter they drink wine or coffee .  it 's worth spending a lot more on that .  because you know we'll cover the cost if we can attract more customers to come .  yeah , i mean a 20 , 000 is a good balance in between right .  i mean it is a good in between where we both you know .  20 , 000 ?  ok 20 , 000 .  ok so we'll go with 20 , 000 .  alright how much floor space would you like ?  i will occupy 40 percent of yours ?  of the whole thing ?  yeahand i'll keep my 60 percent ?  yeahok that 's fine .  how about for temperature ?  would you like it colder ?  yesbecause i need to keep my wine at a lower degree .  but for the temperature for the wine you could always have like a cooling system for your areabecause my food is very able to spoil .  i mean it keeps better in warmer temperatures .  so maybe we could say like 71 degrees .  71 degrees ?  !it 's too highyeah i mean 73 degrees it what i really like but 71 degrees is ok .  wine , no my wine has to be kept 65 otherwise else it will spoil .  but my food has to be kept at 73how about 69 degrees69 is finebecause you know i want to be able to work with you .  yes me too .  when do you want to open your uh ?  i want to open as soon as possiblebecause before our competitor comes i want to grab more business beforehand .  see for me i need to order supplies and i have a lot of different types of products that i sell .  so i really would prefer a later opening datebecause a lot of my items come from abroad .  i also think it is really important that we have good customer service and good employees so i would like more time to train them or whatever .  so i think the earliest i would be willing to open is july 1st .  i prefer august 1st or even september 1st .  wine , i prefer may 1stmay 1st ?  !because i have all the wine readyi know buti am ready for business and the sooner you open the better the business will be .  i know but i don 't have nay products so i can 't openokbecause my products are coming from abroad .  like i umm i have a lot of items from abroadand i need time to hire and train people because i offer a wide variety of products and so they need time to learn about them .  so august 1st ?  july 1st ?  how about that is like the medium .  how about june 1st ?  you know my ideal day is may 1st .  july 1st ?  well let 's go back to hours of operation .  let 's see if we can make a deal .  okso let 's see .  wait a minute so we agree on july 1st ?  not yet ?  not yet .  so let 's see .  so you 'd like to open at 10:30 and i 'd like to open at 6:30 .  um humi mean but aren 't there laws that don 't let people buy alcohol past 9 o'clock anyway ?  i umm then how about ok .  that on the grand opening date maybe august 1st you want so how about you give some room for me for the operation hours .  so like what 10 ?  like 9:30 .  how about we'll do so but i can postpone , i can allow you to open in august 1st .  yeah um the only problem is over time i would make a lot more business being open earlier .  how about we go to the medium on both since these are both very uh serious issues .  we chose all the mediums for all of them .  well 8:30 and july 1st ?  july 1st is a compromise on both sides and 8:30 i guess is early enough for people to , i mean generally people get their coffee at 6:30 but i guess there are a few stragglers who will get their coffee at 8:30 .  and then i mean people will be going out more after and not going to the store .  so 8:308:30 .  does that sound reasonable ?  8:308:30 and then july 1st ?  yeah .  ok .  so eight thirty eight thirty 20 , 000 for renovation , 60 percent , 69 degrees , and july 1st .  ok .  cool .  so are we done .  we're done right ?  we're done , yeah .  so what do we do ?  should we call her ?  how long was that ?  hi .  hi .  so let 's talk about it .  i would just say that the very important thing for me is the opening date .  so i would prefer september 1st .  is that ok for you ?  umm september the 1st is kind of late for me .  i could do , well if we could agree on some other things that are important to me i could agree to .  well i would be happy to agree to august 1st if we say i could have temperature of the store a certain temperature .  for example what temperature would that ?  65 degreesbecause for me i could lose a lot of money if my wine goes bad .  so you want september 1st and 65 degree ?  umm well i would prefer august 1st and 65 degrees .  ummm let 's see .  i prefer how about 69 degree and you want august 1st right , august 1st and its only 5 degrees well 4 degrees actually yeah .  ummm no that 's a big difference for wine .  67 would be ok i guess .  67 degrees is more important than the date to me .  right but my thing is that if the temperature is too low it 's hard for me to keep my stuff so .  so we need to yeah , we need to find some in between .  so for you the important thing is temperature .  how about if i agree to august 1st and 67 degrees can we let the hours be 7:30 am ?  7:307:30 ?  is that ok ?  yeah let 's just combine the 3 .  ummm 7:30 .  cause you know i just withdraw .  i mean i just allowed large temperatures .  it 's like 3 below 67 .  if temperature is so important for you and i would give that up in exchange for opening date and hours of operation .  yeah .  ok ?  let me think if .  i'm trying to think between 67 and 7:30or say between 69 and 8:30 .  because i want the store open long enough so that people will be able to buy wine at night .  but i also want them to be able to buy wine that 's not bad .  ok so you want..the thing for me is like it 's grocery store .  we need to sell breakfast .  if we open like 8:30 who 's going to buy .  because at that time most people have already gone into office , so i don 't know .  that 's true .  so what if we make it this august 1st , 65 degree , and 7:30 .  is that ok ?  yeah that would be good .  renovation cost and floor space .  i think that will be done quickly right ?  yeah .  umm ok so which one is important for you ?  which one do you prefer ?  well the ideal is i think wine floor doesn 't really need to occupy so much space right ?  yeah .  wine 's like small space so .  i would be willing to do , say give me 30 percent of the store and 30 , 000 renovation .  you want how much renovation cost do you want ?  30cause if i am going to get a small part of the store at least i want it to i don 't know renovation cost is something we need to split or what do you mean .  because i don 't know what 's the total that 's the thing i want to know .  what 's the total cost we should split up ?  should we ask her ?  should we stop and ask her ?  i don 't see anything that umm .  i mean this coming out of our money so .  the total probably is 40 , 000 right ?  maybe i guess .  do we split thei don 't know what 's the total so like we can discuss how to split them .  so what 's your budget ?  what you want 30 right ?  wine , 30 yeah .  you want 30 , 000 .  right i think i should ask her .  should we stop here or ?  you want 30 and you want .  so that would be 15 each .  hum ?  that 30 would be 15 each or 30 each .  grocery , we don 't have to think about the price it takes we just think the cost is what we should spend .  she didn 't make this very clear and detailed .  so you want 30 , 000 and 70 percent .  umm no no i don 't want 70 percent .  40 or 30% for the store .  oh yeah you want 40 or 30 ?  yeahoh ok , yeah you want 40 percent .  i mean if it 's going to be 40 then i definitely want 30 , 000 renovation .  uh huh , if it 's 30 how much do you want ?  umm actually , 30 i would want 30 and 40i wouldn 't mind 25 .  that 's ok because then if i have more space but it 's not as renovated i can make it up in space and just supplying more wine .  uhhuh .  i wanted to make it 60 percent for myself , which means you can 't .  you occupy 30 percent and .  wait you want 60 percent ?  right i want 60 percent and your going to have 40 .  that 's what i want and umm i intended to have the renovation cost at 15 , 000 .  so i don 't know .  i think floor space is something we are within reach because we are not far away from each other .  the thing is renovation cost .  i wonder because i don 't think wine store costs so much .  wine store you don 't have to spend too much money .  yeah but a lot about wine .  i mean all about wine is the image of the wine and the image of the store and if it looks shabby then the wine is going to look shabby and no one likes that .  well actually sometimes when you look into the antique store you feel like they have history .  you don 't feel bad with that .  as long as it 's not dirty .  dirty and antique are different .  right so i don 't think we have to spend too much .  i am more concerned with it looking clean , invitable , and like if it 's not hygienic for your food than its also not .  well the thing is i think right your right .  that 's how much you are going to spend monthly that 's cleaning cost that 's not renovation cost .  so i am thinking like maybe we can reach the like lower renovation cost .  and maybe we are going to clean it more often .  so renovation cost it 's something we can really cut down .  so yeahhow about 60 percent how about 20 , 000 renovation cost ?  that 's fine .  and i'll take 60 percent floor space ok ?  ok .  we are so quick .  so we agreed on 5 items .  hours of operation 7:307:30 , renovation cost 20 , 000 , floor space 60 percent for me 40 percent for you , temperature 65 degrees , grand opening date on august 1st .  yeahokok .  we are so quick , we're done in 10 minutes .  so , i guess we have to divide up the space .  yes .  9:30 would be too late .  since it is in d.c .  , most of the work crowd would probably be at work .  i was hoping hit them on their way to work .  so i was thinking more along the lines of 7:30 .  7:30 but if the store closes at 7:30 people go to dupont circle after work and maybe they have dinner there and then , i guess a lot of people come to the liquor store and it is wine and stuff .  so i prefer to close the store at 8:30 .  because 6:30 is too early .  right and 10:30 is too late for me .  yeah , okay .  how about 8:30 ?  that would be a possibility .  we can come back to that if that is okay .  okay , what is something else that is very important to you ?  umm renovation costs .  okbecause umm my wine store is liquor store is targeting to high class people and our wine are very special expensive wines so both interior and exterior of the store is so important for usso i like to spend as much as money we can for renovation .  so 3 , 30 , 000 dollars is my first choice .  of course , i am on the opposite end of the spectrum and don 't think i can spend that much on renovation cost .  but i do understand your point wanting to do better advertising and draw more customers in .  that would also benefit me .  so perhaps we can make a deal so that you can have maybe not 30 , 000 in renovation cost but higher renovation cost and i could have more floor space or more say on a grand opening date .  umm when ?  if i could have more floor space or a different grand opening date .  have a little bit more say in that area .  i would definitely enable you to have more say in renovation cost and temperature per say .  ok actually temperature and renovation cost are important to us .  so how much floor space would you like to have ?  ideally i would like 60 percent .  oh that is great because we would like 40 percent .  oh that would work out perfectly , then .  and i how about the grand opening datei would prefer later .  that would also allow the renovation to take a little longer and us to make it look betterso i was leaning towards august or september .  wine , oh really ?  yeahactually we already have all the liquor and wines we are going to sell in the store .  actually the earlier the better for us , but how about temperature ?  for the grocery store mostly since it is a bakery , temperature doesn 't matter to us that much .  we would prefer a higher temperature to keep energy costs down .  but obviously since you are a wine store .  yeah its cooler like more temperature is better for us .  perhaps if we open a little later temperature wouldn 't have to be as cool to begin with saving a/c cost .  but i would be willing to open in july .  i don 't think i could open before july .  ok july 1st is okok yes .  so for us the cooler is the betterof courseyeah so our first choice is 65 but how do you think about it ?  how about 67 ?  i would at least go to 69 .  i may go to 67 depending on how much we spend on renovation cost .  oki would be willing to spend 20 , 000 in renovation cost and give you 67 degree temperature .  otherwise i would prefer to do 65 degree and then bump the renovation cost to 25 , 000 .  actually that is better for us .  so 25 , 000 renovation cost and 69 degrees .  yes .  so i guess we have decided on everything right ?  yesso we said 8:308:30and 25 , 00025 and60 percent of the space40 percent for me and69 degrees and open july 1st .  okhihey .  uhh so we have to agree on hours of operation .  and what do you want ?  umm for my grocery shop we sell the breakfast .  so as early as possible for me , like , the earlier the better .  right , well since i am liquor store we open laterbecause people usually buy like liquor later in the day and they really don 't go out early to get it .  so , like my ideal hours would be 10:30 to 10:30 .  yeah my ideal hours would be 6:30 to like morning to 6:30. .  um hum .  so i'm thinking probably we can umm compromise to open either 8:30or i was thinking 7:30 would be good for mebecause for your liquor store people can get the like wine after you get out of work .  and 7:30 will be kind of reasonable for them to well most of the people get off of work around 5:30 or sixish so 7:30 will be reasonable for them to get the wine after they get off workand it will be also workable for me like 7:30 is the time you go to work  .  so it will be easy for me to sell breakfast and so wine , umm we can go with 8:30because it will sort of be in the middle for both of us .  because like most people go to work at like nine .  so they go to breakfast at like 8:30 or stop by and then it wouldn 't be open like it wouldn 't close too early for people that want to buy liquor .  grocery , umm ok i guess that makes sense we can take probably 8:30 until 8:30 at night .  okay .  alright so renovation costs .  i want to spend a lot of money like 30 , 000 dollarsbecause that 's like you know really important for the people to think it looks nice .  like you wouldn 't want to shop somewhere where you didn 't think it looked nice .  so what do you think ?  i am more preferring 10 , 000 dollarssince my grocery shopping rather spend most of the money on the stuff and oh no just go ahead .  i would rather spend most of the money on like training the employees like the newcomer and stuff .  well i do agree with your point that the shop has to look nice and stuffbut i am also worried about the quality of our employees and like the people that work there like the service and stuff .  so i would rather spend more money on that one instead of spending how much money on like trying to make it look good and actually not have really bad service .  yeah well we need to look ready for business .  well let 's look at the rest of them too to see .  what 's the most important thing to you ?  what do you want the temperature to be ?  and the floor space ?  what 's the best for you for those ?  floor space ?  um hum .  i was thinking like 60 percent of it .  you want 60 percent ?  umm ok i want like 40 percent so we could just do that .  yeah ok so i'll take 60 percent of the space .  i'll take 40 .  what do you think for temperature ?  i need it to be sort of cold for my liquor .  i need it to be as hot as possible .  that 's pretty important to meso if i went with 67 degrees maybe we could spend less on the renovation costs cause that is better for you .  when is the best grand opening date for you ?  the best for me would be may 1stbecause i would like to start you know selling things as soon as possible .  and that gives us enough time to get everything done that we need to .  i think may 1st might be a little bit too fastbecause i have to order a lot of the food and like a lot of grocery stuff .  so i was thinking the later the better for me so like september 1st .  wine , ok so let 's see i agreed upon so i'm thinking if we can open late i can agree with you on the temperature .  okay .  so so if we like if we open on july 1st or i'm thinking about august or septemberwine , alright if we open august 1st then can we keep it at 67 degrees ?  umm how about the renovation ?  umm we could meet in the middle .  we could meet at 20 , 000because umm i think that will be fair .  okay we can do that .  so we can do 20 , 000 for the renovation and it will still look nice but it won 't we won 't spend too much money so then you can use it for your groceries .  also 67 for temperature .  yeah .  and august 1st for the grand opening date .  yeah that sounds good .  umm let 's see alright so , i guess this looks good to me .  yeah .  nice to meet you .  nice to meet you .  i guess we need to come to an agreement on several issues with the market .  and you are owner of the wine shop .  yeah , i am the owner of the wine shop and you must be the upper crust grocery store .  so we have like 5 issues to get agreements andfirst , i would like to talk about the grand opening date , because even though i have my own shop here , but i have to prepare a lot for the grand openeningso i would like to have it on september if possible .  september , that 's going to be quite late for me .  i would rather get started earlier if we can .  the reason i want to have the grand opening so lately is , i have to train my keeperand i have to get another stuff from abroadand i also have to prepare a lot you know , because , that is the sort of my optimal time .  okay .  is that , is that of the issues , your most important issue , the date that we open ?  oh right , i think so .  okay , alrighty , so. .  so what is your mostly , sort of most significant things ?  okay , my biggest issue is how much we spend on renovation .  alright then , what about this idea that i am going to , i am going to take your side on the decoration part , that i just want you to take my part on the grandopening date .  so we would spend 30 , 000 on the renovation and open september 1st ?  ahh , hold on please , hold on please .  alright , deal .  ok , so the renovation will be 30 , 000 and we will open september 1st ?  my next most important issue is when we are open .  i am sorry , when we are open ?  our hours of operation .  oh , i'm sorry , okay , oh okay .  that is very tough things .  i just thought about near business hour is a wide thing and you have to have like a customer finish their job and go to your shop .  they will be like 6pm or 7pm right , in the night. ?  yeah i would like to be open later .  but think of the my business , i think it is should be earlier .  you want customers to come in earlier ?  right , our target is somewhat different .  my target is housewives .  your target is sort of housewives and men .  so i just want to warn you , basically , my ideal time is earlier the better , 6am to 6:30pm , but it also shouldn 't you have like 9pm9:30pm right ?  yeah , my optimal is actually going to be 10:30am to 10:30pm .  if you are targetting the housewives , 6:30am seems pretty early to me to have them coming in .  do you expect to have many of them coming in at 6:30am ?  grocery , basically there is another reason for my hour of operation cause i'm going to have a breakfast items , that 's why .  your fresh items , is that what you mean ?  right , then what about this idea , basically the portion of the fresh items in the morning is not so big to me , so what about this idea ?  i am going to make it later then , if we got agreement on the sort of things like , i am concerned about the temperature ?  very very important thing to me because it is all about , so sensitive , vegetable is so sensitive , you know .  i would like to get agreement to be 71 degrees , then i am going to take like 8:30am and pm .  is it okay ?  so you want to have it at 71 degrees .  wouldn 't cooler temperatures be better for your vegetables ?  well , basically it is sort of different than ordinary people 's ideas about vegetables .  my vegetables are sort of different here .  haha .  but aah , thinking about our usual temperature , my business does require the temperature to be like 71 degree .  so if you can agreement with that degree , i am going to agree with the hour of operation to 8:30 to 8:30 pm .  is that ok ?  i actually need the temperature the cooler the better , for my wines .  and so , i would rather be open , i would rather have it a little cooler , if we are actually going to be open that early .  so i am looking at maybe having it around 69 degrees and opening  69 degrees ?  opening at 6:30 , i mean 7:30 ?  7:30 that is going to be quite early for me .  what if we go with we open form 8:30 to 8:30 and go with 69 degrees ?  that was my previous suggestion to you , i am going to have 71 degree and your are going to have 8:30pm .  that was my previous suggestion to you .  because i think the most of the i'm sorry to say that i researched before this meeting that your targetting customers mostly by the winery or alcohol things from 5pm to 7pm .  so regarding that time range , i think your hours of operation should be close..it should be okay , 7:30 i think , because most of the customers order their things before 7 so i think 7 is quite good .  but if you want to cover another customers , your other loyal customers who visit somewhat lately then it would be ok 8:30 .  but if you are going to take 8:30pm , then please take 71 degrees .  let 's look , lets just cover one more thing .  so we have two covered .  what floor space do you want to have ?  alright , alright .  my max is 60% .  you want to have 60% then i would have 40% .  you're going to have 40% .  perfect , lets leave that .  so you want 60% of the floor space and i take 40% .  ok , that 's agreed .  now , as far as you want to be open from 8:30am to 8:30pm , and i would like to be open okay , so if we go with 8:30am to 8:30 pm my optimal is 6:30 .  sure , i understand but you said you were willing to go with 8:30 ?  8:30 is my third , actually .  yeah , 8:30 is sort of middle for me .  8:30am to 8:30pm is middle for me , and 69 degrees is the middle for me .  grocery , 69 is the middle hold on .  my first priroty is 6:30 , 2nd is 7:30 , 3rd is 8:30 .  yeah , mine is opposite .  my ideal would be to meet in the middle , which is 8:30am to 8:30pm hours of operation and 69 degrees .  69 degrees ?  8:30 .  what about we decide this , 7:30 and 69 degrees ?  7:30 and 69 .hmmm cause the one i was saying is right in the middle for both of us .  if we go with 8:30am to 8:30pm , and 69 degrees , that 's both of our middle .  so see , i am getting the optimum in renovation costs .   \you are getting the optimum in grand opening date .  floor space we both agreed on , that i want 40% you want 60% .  so if we meet in the middle on hours of operation and temperature , then i think that 's fair for both of us .  hold on , if you are going to take the least case with the grandopening date , then what is your ?  you can ask that ?  i would get a zero value for september 1st .  ok , deal .  i am going to take the 8:30 and 69 .  okay , there we have it!cool , cool .  yeah , we're finished .  how are you doing ?  fine , thank you .  my name is kurt .  i'm yuta .  yuta ?  i'm yuta .  i guess i'm from the grocery shop and you're from the liquor store .  yeah .  i guess well just let me know what 's most valuable to you in terms of these different issues .  i go first ?  first is about hours of operation .  how about from 10:30 a.m .  to 10:30 p.m. ?  well the issue here with the hours of operation is that my , you know , my shop has breakfast and we sell coffee and baked bread and so you know we wanted to catch the crowd that 's coming into work before 7 .  so we actually perfer the oppositeand i was thinking that might even be , you know , well i guess either time seems that it would benefit you because i have a feeling that most people would purchase items on their way back from work .   so , probably around 5 o clock which means after that , like an hour and a half before they get home .  oh 5 o'clock ?  in the morning .  no no .  5 o'clock in the afternoon .  oh yeah .  when works done i figure that 's when most people will be doing their shopping .  so , you know , if you needed the alchohol for dinner you would probably still be getting it before 6:30 .  yeah .  let 's come back to that lets just go to the other ones just so that we can get an understanding of what you want .  alright , the next renovation cost .  yeah .  i think you know , good working on building will attract many customersso i think we should we should spend much money .   so yeah .   i suggest like we'll like three and thirty thousand dollars .  alright , well , you know , i can understand that point of view but being that the renovationsi think that we would be fine with just a little bitand i would rather spend that extra money on something like training employees .  ah yeah .  so that 's like important to me too .  but let 's just let 's just keep going through these i think its easier to figure out what 's best .  so how bout the floor space ?  what 's your best for you there ?  yeah my request is 40 percent for me .  alright well .  you would like 40% ?  yeah i would like 40% .  alright well my request would be for 60% .  i don 't quite understand thati guess that would , that would be fine for both of us , right ?  um , yeah .  i don 't know .  yeah , so i mean , if your interested in 40% , 60% would work best for me .  so that seems like an agreeable place right there .  so is it settled ?  is it floor space  40% for me 40% for you and 60% for me .  alright .  and for the temperature .  you know we got the one space so .  a higher temperature would be more beneficial to usbecause you think preserved well and it helps us keep down on air conditioning costs .  we have many wines you knowso yeah i prefer ...    i 'd like , like below 70 .  below 70 % ?  below 70 degrees70 degrees yeah .  ok .  so alright so you would prefer that .  and how bout the opening date ?  the opening date .  the , the earlier opening would enable , enable us to make us money money much money .  so i 'd prefer earlier opening .  alright well um .  yeah here i would like to have more time for trainingso actually the later the better  for me yeah also i got to order some special items that are going to take a while to get here so it would be pointless for me to open too early then i wouldn 't have anything to sell .  yeah yeah .  alright well lets just look over these options .  what 's , how do you , what 's your different preference the different categories .   like what cate  can you rank those for me ?  like , which of those is most important for you ?  um yeah .  the renovation cost are the most important for for meokay and how bout can you just go straight through ?  oh yeah .  the second one is hours of operation and the next is temperature and the last grand opening date .  so yeah but look the floor oh floor space we already did that .  ok well if you would agree with me having the opening date at the latest point then i would be willing to give you the you know full amount for the renovation costoh it sounds it sounds good .  do you agree with that ?  alright cause then i wouldn 't mind throwin the extra money for the last one if we opened earlyand that would also give you the improvements you need .  ok so renovation cost is thirty thousand and grand opening september 1st .  oh yeah , alright .  and  let 's see well  as for the temperature i would like to set it set it highand maybe i think that because i have 60% of the floor space that means that i would be paying a larger percentage of the rent so i would be paying a larger percentage for the heating and air conditioningso would you be open to possibly doing the temperature at 71 degrees ?  well how do you feel about the hours of operation .  maybe would could make an arrangement there .  oh yeah if you it , it seems like the midway point for us would be 8:30 to 8:30so maybe if i was willing to go down to 69 degrees you 'd would be willing to let me open the shop at 7:30  hours of operation .  7:30 ?  sorry could you   could you explain what i'm saying was if right now i'm sayin right now you want the hours of operation to be 8:30 to 8:30 , i would like it to be 7:30 to 7:30 .  right now it 's the same for the temperature where you would like it to be 69 degrees and i would like it to be 71 .  so no no .  i want , i want hours of operation the later opening is , the later opening is is the better or if you agree with that i 'd like to open at 10:30 .  yeah .  there 's no way i would do it before , or after 9 , for sure .  so i definitely can 't do those cause that 's when most people start work , right ?  and thewhat i'm saying is then on the options left , i would be more willing to give up some temperature rather than give up the hours of operationbecause i won 't mind paying a little more for the heating cost or the air conditioning cost if we're able to make more money by having better hours .  yeah .  it seems like there 'd be no way you 'd be willing to do the temperature above 70 degrees right ?  yeah .  so we have to reach an agreement on these remaining three options in each category .  yeah that 's right .  and what i was saying is that since i do have more floor space i would prefer to have a higher temperatureto , to keep the costs down since i would be paying morebut i would also be willing to be more lenient on the temperature since i would able to make more money off of having better hours .  yeah .  so  so i would propose 7:30 to 7:30 on the hours of operation if i could be more lenient on the temperature .  does it matter wether its lower than , like , is 67 better for you than 69 or does it make a difference ?  so you have the same issue ?  yeah like yeah i 'd prefer if i if we have like 71 degrees , i want to open the shop at 9:30 a.m well there 's no way that i 'd be able but if  if you if you accept 9:30 a.m .  to 9:30 p.m .  then you can open the , open your shop longer in night , night , at night .  yeah i think i see where your coming frombut the fact is that not that many people are gonna want coffee at night; the interest is going to be in the morning .  we have the opposite agreement .  you 'd like it to be lower and i 'd like it to be higher .  so how bout 8:30 to 8:30 ?  and what were you thinking for temperature ?  71  71 degrees .  you 'd leave it at 71 if i could have the hours of operation at 8:30 ?  yeah .  um  alright  alright i 'd be i 'd be willing to do that i think .  so you're saying the temperature is 71 degrees and the hours of operation are 8:30 .  yeah .  alright i would i 'd agree to that .  oh thank you so much .  yeah well i 'm glad we could come to an agreement on this .  so let me just go over this so we have the 8:30 to 8:30 for hours of operation , renovation costs are 30 thousand , floor space is 60% for me and 40 for you , temperature is going to be at 71 degrees , and the grand opening date will be at sept .  1st .  alright great .  alright yeah .  i thought you kept like going to early morning person .  yeah .  thank you .  i look forward to doing business with you in the future .  yeah .  nice meeting you .  my name 's melissa .  i'm allison .  allison , nice to meet younice to meet youi would like to know what time you wanna open the store ?  well the best for me would be a little bit later in the morning so 10:30 a.m .  to 10:30 p.mhow bout the renovation cost ?  30 thousand30 thousand .  floor space ?  40% .  40% .  ok , temperature ?  65 degrees .  65 dgrees .  and grand opening date ?  may 1stmay 1st .  ok , and well since mine is the grocery shopand the best time for me to open is actually 6:30 .  ok .  and the renovation cost is 10 , 000 .  floor space is 60%ok .  temperature is 73and grand opening day is set on the first .  so basically nothing works but floor space .  right .  that 's , that 's it .  ok that 's good .  and we have to get hour of operationright , well ok let me say mine first .   i can push mine hour back for an hour so i can open at 7:30 .  and for the renovat , renovation cost i can spend 15 , 000 .  and for temperature i can give you 69 degrees .  and grand opening day is august 1st .  can i actually ask if you open at 10:30 when is the max imum point you can earn ?  what do you mean ?  for your price , the number put in the parenthasis .  that 's the maximum you can get .  oh , 240240 ?  so i think for the , for the hours the best thing to do would be to kinda go fifty fifty .  you know make it 8:30 to 8:30 since that 's right in the middlegrocery , wait a second  i think  how bout we can do , well it doesn 't really matter if we just go for the middle the best thing you get could yeah .  well i guess just for hours it 's kinda hard to do it any , any other way .  but , i mean i guess the thing is with liquor stores its better to to open laterwell yeah and also if its open later at night cause people some people wanna like i don 't know buy liquor later at night .  8:30 i mean 8:30 's still pretty early like for you .  if i push to 9:30 is there a big difference for your points there or no ?  for the other part of the rest .  like oh , ok .  well then i could give you 69 degrees for the temperature .  i don 't know usually it seems that grocery stores are usually colderthat 's what i thought .  yeah .  so its kinda weird .  well anyway i have to follow the rules so yeah .  if i open at 9:30 the temperature has to be 73 .  73 ?  yeahwhat about 8:30 ?  would you do 69 ?  well ok .  so for the renovation , renovation cost i mean i can 't i can 't cut it all the way down 15 .  that 's half of my , what i want .  so , the lowest i could go would be like 20 .  ok so you want 20 ?  okay i 'd like 25 but i could go 20 .  grocery , 25 ?  yeah .  25 is okay so but the grand opening day has to be september 1st or the temperature has to be 73 degrees .  ok  let 's see .  so are we doing 9:30 or 8:30 ?  it depends on what we choose .  okay so we definitely have floor space  um let 's see .  how bout 71 degrees and august 1st ?  71 degrees and august 1st ?  yeah .  wait a second .  so you're saying then what time do you want to open if the temperature is 71 degrees and august 1st ?  9:30 i guess .  9:30 ?  uhuh .  no ?  no .  8:30 ?  8:30 ?  ...  ok 8:30 is good so that 's all ?  i guess so  let 's see .  so 8:30 oh what are we doing for renovation costs , 25 , 000 ?  yeah 25 , 000ok and temperature is 71 and grand opening date is august 1st .  alright anything you want to change ?  um  i 'd either want to have 69 degrees or july 1st , one or the other .  cause right now you have more things than you want .  i think that we got different prices .  huh ?  i think that we got different price for our the renovation cost i gave you 25 , 000 and the hour hours of operation is same .  well that was split fifty fifty well see you got temperature and grand opening .  ok so temperature temperature can be 69ok .  yeah  ok .  well how bout if the renovation cost become 20 , 000 ?  i don 't know .  i 'd rather have the 69 degreescause it 'd be better 69 degreesi mean , so you would want 20 , 000 and keep the 69 degreesor what do you mean ?  yeah yeah temperature and the grand openeing date and the hours of operation are all keep the same .  i was wondering how we could i put the renovation cost to 20 , 000 .  i don 't know cause that 's a big lost for me in terms of points .  oh really  ok   then how about 7:30 to 7:30 , would that be a big loss to you ?  yeah , i mean which one has to be last ?  the grand opening date   ok if we keep it the way we have it so far it would be 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40 and 60% , 69 degrees and august 1st ?  uh huh  so far but the temperature  so you can put the temperature to 71 degreesbecause it 's a big loss for me if you take the grand opening day .  ok  it 's equal this way though .  because i get renovation costs closer to what i want , you get grand opening date closer to what you want .  we both split well floor space was already done and we both split hours of operation .  what ?  what did you say again , i'm sorry ?  that floor space is already splityeah so what did you say about renovation cost ?  well i got renovation cost closer to what i wanted , you got grand opening date closer to what you wanted .  and then hours of operation and temperature were split in the middle .  how much point did you get for your temperature if it 's 69 degrees ?  100a hundred ?  how bout hours of operation ?  120okok , deal  the endokso so we set ?  should we tell her ?  yeah .  this is so funny negotiation .  well , the things i was thinking was that people a lot of people work .   so we kind of like have this special fast food place they can just grab a bagel or pastry when they're heading off to workso i was thinking maybe 7:30 to 7:30 .  where as like most people , they go to your wine store and they buy something while they're going home to have dinner with .  so so i was thinking maybe the renovation cost shouldn 't be as much as , shouldn 't make it like really luxurious and stuff because customer service is more important .  cause i can 't afford it then .  well i need a lot of floor space .  i mean that kind of works out for the both of us cause you you don 't want to use a lot of floor space cause you can 't afford it .  so i was thinking usually people come into the grocery store and get groceries and go they're not like staying to like enjoy the atmosphere and stuff so .  what foods needs to be preserved at 73 degrees ?  oh , it says that like the majority .   like some kind of like bread preserve and meat and stuff like that .   they need to be um they need to stay preserved at a higher temperature that i guess 69  alright we'll just do 69 .  and for the grand opening datei was thinking maybe , i was thinking um. .  the grand opening date should be as late as possibleso um i guess we'll talk about the hours of operation and the cost and space and temperature .  yeah , well , that 's the five categories and how bout we just if yours is oriented the same way left to right .  yeah .  hours .  hours on then grand opening lastsure .  uh huh .  ok so we can open at 6:30 and stay open till 6:30 or we can open at 10:30 and stay open till 10:30grocery , yeahyeah , i was hoping for later opening hourbecause that 's better for me .  you know you have people coming in during the evening and ordering wine and stuffok .   ok .  well for me earlier is the betterbecause it 's a specialty shop we sell like coffees and like donuts and those like you know morning stuff so so people come in with the lun morning run morning rush .  yeahyeah .  so i don 't know i guess we are in the opposite so well i guess another question to ask is what other stuff could we do to help each other with thisrightyeah so obvioulsy there 's going to be some issues here  and i guess we should ask which ones would maximize our profit if we are going to be operating in dupont and stuff .   yeah either way we either hit the comu commuters in the morning or hit the wine junkies in the eveningyeah sure  maybe  well breakfast i guess the company 's place to start you know like work starts around 9 ?  so maybe 8:30 or so .  yeah that way you'll have you know your like yeah that 's nice .  that way you get the morning crowd and i get some people picking up stuff in the evening .  right yeahok , renovation costs so we can run from 30 , 000 to 10 , 000 .  i think that having a nice front really attracts people so it might be worth it to spend a little more there yeah  i was going to say the most expensive is 30 , 000 but it would look really good when we were done probably especially right now with all the hurricane damage and stuff .  you can construction costs are probably through the roof all over the place but i guess it really dependswell for me its um we have um we have  right  yeah well we need money for like training new employees and those tooand not sure if we really need that much work for inside especially .  so. .  yeah but think about how good it looks sometimes like comparing certain places gourmet to shoppers or something like costco .  so i guess it depends on who we're catering to partly .   in dupont we really are getting the people who are like oh my gosh i set foot in a warehouse eeep .  yeah but .  yeah .  yeah but there are things like we need to train like you know to make the employees like you know special like and they have to have some knowledge on like both wine specialty thingswhich is going to be a little more .  right so i don 't think we should spend that much money to like renovate and i think we can like you know slowly renovate like you know little by littlethat could get complicated but i see where your coming from with that .  maybe we could do a trade off with something else .   like jumping ahead a bit for floor space .   yeah it might affect how we start with the distribution of that .  so i don 't know maybe 25 , 000 for renovation .  yeah let let 's say 25 , 000 for now and maybe we can move on and and come back if we have time right .  and floor spacei was going for about 40% of the floor space .  i figure give a little give more to the grocery give a little more to the shop .  that 's great because i would like 60% .  so ok that 's easy .  hey that worked .  ok so how bout the temperature .  wine does better when it 's a little cooler because if its warmer it spoils and stuffyeah , right .  so i was going i was going to have to keep it a little chilly keep it at 65 .  65 ?  that 's a little too chilly for me cause because there are things its cold too yeah um  i understand like all the wine and you know temperature yeah 65 is pretty cold actuallyyeah and like for the customers yoo i think we want it like a little maybe like 67 or so .   raise it just a little bit .  how bout a little more because the what i was aiming for was 73 sothat 's going to be a really high energy bill thoughyeah so how bout like 69 is that ok ?  ok , half and half i can go with that .  how bout the openingok so last but not least .  well lets see we can open on the first of may ,  , june , july , august , or september .  i was going to go more for maybecause i've got everything in storage right now so its just taking up space .  but you know .  and if we have especially if we have that may opening a lot of people go on like holiday once its gets to be more , more summery so you get you lose foot traffic to a certain extent yeah and i'm still ordering things from i'm still importing so maybe and they still need time to get in .  right .  so how bout like how bout august .  like you know people like come back around august .  yeah august is really hot and i don 't think people will be that interested in walking out and getting wine and stuffoh yeahyeah i would go for june or september but i 'd really go for june because that 's better for me .  but i can see where you're coming from and especially well if you have more time will will you have more time to get more specialty goods that are really cool ?  yeah , yeahok , how bout we go for august and see how it works  and okok so i guess we are in agreementyeah so just go for august .  so i guess we said 8:30 , 25 , 000 , 40% , 69 , and august ?  yup .  uh huhalright one of us should probably get lynn or we'll both get her .  yeah , yeah .  